Position Profile 
The appointee will develop software and contribute to the business activity at Imagus Technology Pty Ltd in alignment with Imagus' objectives, including research and commercialisation.  
Responsibilities:

Reporting to the Lead Software Engineer located in Brisbane, Australia you will assist in the design and development of several existing and upcoming projects relating to software applications in the areas of intelligent surveillance, computer vision and
 image processing.  You will be required to work independently in a small agile team and meet deadlines.  You are creative and like to think outside the box.  You must take pride in your work.
You can communicate effectively within the team. You can collaborate and work in a diverse environment. You are positive, enthusiastic, self-motivated, reliable and responsible.
Skills, Knowledge and Requirements:
Mandatory:

University qualifications in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or equivalent;
At least 1 year of Software Engineering Development experience; Experience in Web-Based platforms; Experience in ORM Databases, using Postgres or similar; Experience with a variety of Web technologies such as Javascript, HTML5/CSS; Experience with the below methodologies/principles:

UI and Application Design Framework RESTful Web API using JSON Cloud and Amazon Web Services 


Knowledge in source control such as Git.
Desirable:

Experience in performing software unit test, system integration test as well as user acceptance testing activities.
Experience in one of the below technologies:

Javascript Frameworks (React/Knockout/Angular); Python. 


Understanding of project tools e.g. JIRA.
This role would ideally suit someone who would welcome the benefits and challenges of working in a small organisation.Intermediate PHP/Laravel Developer
      
      Love all things Laravel? 
  
You'll be in your element in this role, as part of a tight-knit team of six backend developers who are just as passionate about working with Laravel.

  
You'd be joining a fast-growing company, that has tripled in size over the last two years to dominate the market share. Having developed several successful quality products, it's now onto the next - and you could be part of it!

  
If you're enthusiastic about learning new tech and are keen to get further into DevOps, you could be just the person we're looking for.

  
Coming from a strong developer background, you'll be expected to have:

Experience working with either Laravel/symfony or Doctrine Solid Javascript skills - Vanilla JS Experience and knowledge using TDD and PHPunit Desire to work in a team; enthusiastic and passionate about your profession and want to make a valuable contribution
Working knowledge of continuous integration/deployment is an advantage Proactive, goal-oriented, energetic and independent way of working Fluent in English Expert knowledge in HTML, CSS and JAVASCRIPT. 
Making the deal even sweeter, this is the kind of company culture everyone wants, with pizza nights, Friday drinks and mentors not managers. 

www.justdigitalpeople.com.au

Regan Roulston

email | regan@justdigitalpeople.com.au
call or text | 0478 687 951Front End Developer - Angular.js - Contract
      
      
A leading Digital Consultancy seek a Front End Developer with strong experience with Angular.js. 
 
The successful applicant will work onsite at a major Australian Brand on a high profile project which will sit well anyone's portfolio.  
 
This position is a 6 month contract with a possiblity of extension. The placement is based closed to Town Hall Station in Sydney CBD. 
 
Key Skills Required 


Commerical Experience with Angular.js Front End Developer with jQuery/JavaScript, HTML and CSS.  Ability to hit the ground running  Team Player  Excellent Communication Skills  
For more information, please contact me on jyewdall@genesisit.com.auAEM Developer - Melbourne - Contract

Our exclusive client, a leading Australian business is in the insurance sector, need an experienced and talented AEM Java Developer. This is due to continued growth for one of their exciting new projects that is focused on an AEM upgrade to AEM6.2

Your days will always be dynamic working on multiple concurrent projects. Rest assured you will continually be challenged due to the nature and volume of work.

You will see yourself:



Developing high quality codeProviding and designing solutions for an array of technical and business problemsWorking in a dedicated team across APACAllowed the opportunity to further develop your skills and with AEM and undertake training if required

The ideal candidate will have:



2 + years of AEM Development (AEM experience is essential)5 + years' experience in Java DevelopmentSome experience with front end technologies such as JavaScript, HTML and CSS -  Would be a major bonus although not essentialExceptional written and verbal communication skillsThe ability to present technical concepts to technical and non-technical internal/external stakeholdersThe ability to work individually as well as in a team

Don't miss this exciting AEM contracting opportunity, Apply Now!

For additional information please contact Jack on 02 9238 4229.


    
    Jack McDonald
+61 (0)2 9238 4283
Jack.McDonald.Daxtra@opusrs.com.auBig Data Consultant - Brisbane
    
    
      Join a growing consultancy with strong career development prospects
      
      Work across a varied projects in Big Data, Digital and Cloud
      
      Excellent opportunities to learn
      
    
    
Big Data Consultant
About the company and role:

Work for a rapidly expanding niche consultancy specialising in delivering Big Data & Analytics, Digital and Cloud solutions for a varied client base across Australia  and New Zealand.
My client has a fun and collaborative team environment where you are encouraged to learn and certification and studies are funded by the company.
As a Consultant the role will involve you in a diverse range of customer engagements covering Big Data, Digital, Customer Engagement and cloud projects and therefore we are seeking strong IT generalists across all these domains. 
You will enjoy solving problems, have strong business acumen and excellent presentation and communication skills.

 
Skills and experience sought:

strong background in developing proof of concepts, solution design through to development and testing
background in Programming and Development with strengths in SQL some infrastructure and cloud based platforms knowledge is required analytics, machine learning and big data experience 
Ideally looking for strengths in 3 or more of the following Data and Analytics areas:

Big data: Cloudera, Hortonworks, MapR, Kafka, NiFi, Elasticsearch Analytics: Spark, R, Teradata Aster Database: SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata, PostgreSQL, Greenplum Programming Languages: Python, SQL, Java, Scala, PHP, .NET, Javascript Reporting: PowerBI, Tableau, Qlikview, Datameer ETL: Talend, SSIS, Alteryx, Informatica Frameworks and Architectures: Lambda, ReactJS, AngularJS, EmberJS, NodeJS 
If you are passionate about IT and looking for a customer focused consulting role, please "apply now" or for a confidential discussion please call Sasha Jensen on 02 8089 1401.

    
    www.fourquarters.com.auSenior Front End Developer
    
    
The Company:
This organisation is one of the most innovative, digital and disruptive organisations in the current Melbourne market. We are currently on the lookout for a very talented front-end developer to join their team to work on various different projects. You will
 be working in a large development team where you can bounce ideas off in large agile environment.
The Role:

Build, Develop and Maintain a front end code baseWork with the latest front end technologiesReport into the development team leadBuild and manage many different stakeholder relationshipsBuild, Conduct and implement your own unit test cases
Candidate Requirements: 

Strong Front End Development experienceStrong HTML5, CSS3, JQuery and JavaScript experienceJavaScript Framework experience is advantageousAny CMS (AEM, Joomla etc) experience would be beneficial
Contact: 
If this role sounds like you then please reach out to Jimmy Grice on 03 9235 1120 for a confidential discussion.

For other exciting job opportunities and to keep up-to-date with the IT world, please 'Follow' Halcyon Knights on LinkedIn @ www.linkedin.com/company/halcyon-knights.
#LI-JG1Opportunity to work with an esteemed worldly giantCareer progressionSydney CBD LocationSuperior starting day rate - Duration 12+ Months 

Rare and exciting Sydney based opportunity for a Senior iOS developer, working for an innovative company supporting international brands. You will be responsible for providing outstanding mobile solutions for this renowned organisation, coupled with leading
 a team of engineers.

Responsibilities:


Full responsibility for building and maintaining  mobile applicationsProvide recommendations on technological practicesAssist in the design of mobile solution architectureGuide and assist a team of engineers in learning and developmentEnsure mobile security of application meets QA Australian standardsContinual testing, development and maintenance of technologies

Required: 


Demonstrated mobile development experienceExperience gained from within a technological research environment  Advanced knowledge of iOS development, Swift Objective C, SDKKnowledge and understanding of code controls such as GIT or SVNProven ability to mentor manage and lead a team of engineersConversant with other technologies such as Javascript/ HTMLUltimate ability to work within an Agile environment

If this sounds like you please send your CV or call me!

02 92384247
sophie.juresic@opusrs.com.au
    
    Sophie Juresic
+61 (0)2 9238 4283
Sophie.Juresic.Daxtra@opusrs.com.auYour main responsibility is to architect and implement the product roadmap as defined by the leadership team. You will own the front-end and help develop the flagship product for the next 6-12 months, then move on to the new product where you will help shape
 the future of the application's front-end architecture.
You will help reduce the complexities around the existing platform, address customer issues as well as implement new features that provide customer value. You must have a deep understanding of the agile process and how to manage the workload of a team during
 sprint cycles. You will be working closely with other Software Engineers, Product Managers, Designers and QA to ensure that the squad delivers on their objectives.
Required skills and experience


Minimum 5 years front-end development experience

Proven experience in building web applications or SaaS solutions

Strong understanding of web standards and architecture

Strong understanding of software design patterns and when to use them

Deep knowledge in JavaScript and MV* frameworks such as React, Knockout, Angular, Backbone (or similar)

Excellent front-end skills using modern HTML5 and CSS3 including LESS/SASS and Bootstrap

Experience with Node.js and npm/yarn package management

Experience with task runners such as Grunt, Gulp or Webpack

Experience with RESTful API's and/or microservices

Experience with source control such as Git or SVN

Bonus skills


Experience with C#

Basic DB skills (SQL, NoSQL)
Unit testing experience with frameworks such as Jest, Jasmine or similarFull-Stack Developer
    
    

Expertise with C#.NET, Web API, AngularJS Utilise your Azure skills Permanent Opportunity 

Melbourne CBD

As Australia's largest privately owned IT Services Company conducting business Australia wide and in the Asia Pacific region,
Dialog's key focus is on delivering outstanding results to its many corporate and government clients using leading tools, technologies and methodologies.
Dialog is a dynamic organisation which offers attractive career development to its people through diverse projects, training and mentoring in a collaborative atmosphere.

Dialog enjoys long-term relationships with Australia's Peak Government and Corporate organisations. As a Dialog consultant engaging with these clients you will:

Work with key stakeholders to achieve world's best practice processes in major projects
Work on a wide variety of interesting and challenging assignments Work with colleagues in partnership with clients who are committed to achieving their business objectives
Enjoy salary above industry standard in a working environment in which effort, creativity and a positive attitude are highly valued
Have extensive training opportunities through the Dialog Academy, which offers over 1,500 IT and 800 Business Skills courses
Work with like-minded colleagues who share information and focus on the goal, driving the project and their careers further and faster

Dialog requires an experienced Full-Stack Developer with strong C#, Web API and AngularJS development experience. You will be passionate about delivering high quality solutions and enjoy working across multiple projects and
 collaboratively with the various stakeholders. 
  
Dialog seeks people who have these capabilities:

Significant experience developing in software development across the Microsoft .NET enterprise application stack
Strong demonstrated ability developing application using C#.NET, Web API, GIT and Entity Framework
Proficient developing in JavaScript frameworks such as AngularJS and ReactJS Exposure to Microsoft Azure is highly regarded Proven experience with Microsoft Server Databases Considerable experience working within Agile Project teams 
Established in 1979, Dialog employs over 1,200 people throughout Australia, and provides a wide range of information technology solutions to government and corporate clients.

At Dialog, our whole approach is based on four key values: Involved, Committed, Can Do, Always.

It's these values, applied to every project, which stand behind our success and ensure we are always client focused. These same four values underpin the relationship we enjoy with our people.

Join our team of professional, enthusiastic and experienced consultants, where communication, learning and knowledge sharing are prized. We offer an excellent benefits package.

Dialog is an equal opportunity employer.

Applicants should be Australian or NZ citizens or Australian permanent residents. If you are not an Australian or New Zealand citizen you will need to provide your passport and visa for our review.

Visit our website www.dialog.com.au for more information.
    
    
      
     
    
    INVOLVED,
      COMMITTED, CAN DO, ALWAYSFincast (www.fincast.com.au) is a young company that's growing quickly, in Australia and Asia. As a small and collaborative team, everyone's input is highly valued. We work hard but we understand there's more to life. 
We are expanding our team with the addition of a Full Stack Developer, with strong Angular JS skills. Located in a modern office in Sydney, we offer a great opportunity for a Developer looking to break free from the slow process-driven environments
 of larger organisations.
Your role will include SQL Server, .NET and 
C# on the back-end, along with Angular JS on the front end.
Required Skills and Experience

C# ASP.Net MVC5+ Web API JavaScript / Angular / SPAs HTML5 / CSS3 RDS SQL Server / TSQL Visual Studio / GIT / Source Tree Full SDLC / SOLID Principles / Design Patterns Dependency Injection (DI) / Inversion of Control (IoC) Cloud Platforms - Azure or AWS Australian passport or work permit. 
Additional Preferred Competencies

Approximately 5+ years' commercial experience Bachelor degree in Computer Science or a related field Experience with Banking, Finance or Trading systems Mobile development TDD / Unit Testing Continuous Integration / Delivery Agile / Scrum Understanding of web technologies, standards and trends.
This is a permanent role and will suit a Mid-Level to Senior Full Stack .NET Developer who is seeking to expand their experience.
Why work with us?

You will play an integral role in the continued growth of the business Diversity in experience and tasks A professional yet relaxed working environment with an engaged, friendly team
We work hard but we understand that there's more to life so we offer flexibility, where possible.
Remuneration

We offer competitive remuneration packages, including performance based bonus. 

        
        
          If you would like more information regarding the role or Fincast, or to apply, please contact Chelsea Dunne: cdunne@fincast.com.au. If you are applying for the role, please include your detailed CV.


Applications close 31st July.Front End - North Shore
      
      

Based in the Northern BeachesYoung entrepreneurial organisationExcellent salary and benefits
Client Details
Our client's story is one of a disruptive start-up, growing rapidly, now operating in multiple locations around the world and still building.
They have a unique e-commerce offering and are looking to build their internal development team with their offices based in the Northern Beaches and over 250 globally and continuously growing.
Description
Our client is looking for an enthusiastic, talented front end developer to join a team based in the Northern Beaches.
You will be an expert in building HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code for web, mobile and email - working on their eCommerce site and a range of other projects.
This is an exciting opportunity for the right person, looking to develop their career, with short and long-term incentives our client is looking for a motivated front-end developer to join, stay and grow with the business.

Profile

Ideally 4+ years professional experience in front end development (flexible for the right person)Expert knowledge of HTML, CSS (including Sass or LESS) and JavaScript/jQueryFamiliar with code versioning control via GitExcellent understanding of cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility issuesAdherence to web standards and best practicesKnowledge of client-side performance issues and optimisation techniquesGood understanding of common design patterns and responsive frameworksExperience with AngularJS or similar is beneficialExperience with Adobe Creative Suite CS5 or above
Job Offer

Competitive salaryPerformance related bonusShares in the companyRegular allowance to use on their store
To apply for this position, please click the 'Apply Now' button below. For a confidential discussion, please contact Karim Benriassa on 02 9195 2921.Junior Web & Email Developer
      
      
About us

We are a new challenger brand in the market with high aspirations to make a difference; committed to creating great customer experiences and obsessed by better outcomes every day. Our business model includes a growing Direct- to- Consumer business in both personal
 lending and credit cards, as well as a partnership model for white label lending and credit cards. We operate in a dynamic environment within a business that is investing heavily in constantly improving the customer experience. We are in the process of transforming
 our business, placing our customers at the centre of everything we do. It’s an exciting time to be a part of Latitude Financial Services.

What we are looking for

A front-end web developer who is more concerned with getting work done than technical specifications.A person who is energised by the opportunity to build and update websites and emails.A great communicator who works well with stakeholders

Purpose of the position

Develop and code new front-end functionality (e.g., calculators, tools, visual elements) using HTML, JavaScript, and CSS across several product websites.Deliver EDM campaigns using HTML & CSS using the Responsys platform.Work closely with stakeholders to understand the requirements of jobs and deliver on campaign deadlinesThis role is a 12 month fixed term opportunity to cover maternity leave

Position Requirements

A degree in computer science, multimedia, business systems or equivalent2-4 years’ experience developing with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.Good stakeholder management and communication skills

Attributes & Behaviours

Strong interpersonal, stakeholder management, and decision making skills.An exemplary team player. Comfortable working with all levels of the organisation as well as cross functionally.

What we can offer you

At Latitude, we offer a competitive salary, flexible working arrangements, a diverse range of benefits, health and wellbeing programs, and so much more.

If you are looking for an opportunity with an organisation that constantly challenges the status quo and is committed to a better customer experience, apply today.

Successful applicants will be required to complete a background check (including criminal history and bankruptcy check) prior to commencement of employment.

Please note again, this is a 12 month fixed term opportunity.Senior Front End Developer
      
      Are you keen to be part of 150+ digital experts teams managing their global clients?
Are you looking for the fastest growing digital business here in Australia?

If YES, this will be the right opportunity for you with our key client that deliver unique customer experiences across every digital touchpoint that include but not limited to strategy, data, creative, user experience, technical implementation, systems integration,
 quality assurance and other disciplines. 

What you should have:

5+ years development experienceHTML5 / CSS / SASS / LESSAdvanced jQuery / JavaScriptJavaScript OOP / Design PatternsCMS integrationBrowser testing for platforms (Mac / PC / IOS / Android)Strong understanding of performance and optimisationMobile / responsive website development
What you should specialise in:

Experience with Sitecore highly desired but not mandatory. Experience with other enterprise levels CMS' also desiredExperience with W3C website accessibility standardsExperience with JavaScript frameworks such as AngularJS or ReactJSSound understanding of concepts such as SMACSS, OCSS or BEMExperience interacting with clientsSearch engine optimisationASP.NET experience
If you want to be part of this adventure, click 'apply now' and forward an updated copy of your CV to fuad.alhabshee@talentinternational.com.

Alternatively, please feel free to contact Fuad Al Habshee on 03 9236 7720.If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.Experience Designer
      
      
UX Designer
Avanade Australia is growing its user experience (UX) team, and we're looking for UX designers to join us! We're part of a global capability of digital and UX specialists helping our customers create engaging user experiences on a variety of enterprise projects
 for web and mobile using human-centered design methodologies. The position requires end-to-end UX design processes – from user research, persona and journey mapping through to prototyping and visual design, as well as overseeing front end development. The
 role involves working within a consultancy-based environment on client sites.
Key responsibilities include:

Monitoring trends, best practice methodologies, and identifying opportunities for innovation
Running stakeholder workshops to gather requirements, understand business processes and challenges
Undertake user research with the right mix of techniques such as user testing, contextual inquiry, data analytics, focus-groups, user surveys, and other opportunities such as remote research and testing
Interpreting research to provide client recommendations using such tools as personas, journey maps, service designs and findings reports
Facilitating design thinking sessions with cross-disciplinary teams to generate ideas and gain new insights
Managing client expectations by creating a design vision using such tools as user scenarios, site maps, wireframes, user interface concepts, and prototypes
Collaborating with development teams to deliver the design vision Operating within project constraints such as Lean UX, Agile or Waterfall methods.
Requirements

A portfolio demonstrating your design skills and understanding of front end development
Expert knowledge of everything UX, including user research, usability testing, information architecture, and interaction design
Experience working with web and mobile applications as well as intranets (that is, not only informational websites)
Strong UX/UI design and prototyping skills, including Adobe CC, Sketch, InVision/Marvel, Axure
Strong analytical skills are essential to quickly understand problems, visualise concepts, and communicate effectively with stakeholders
Experience with UI development, including HTML/CSS/SASS, and Javascript/jQuery is an advantage.
Experience with accessibility and W3C web standards will be highly regarded.
About
Avanade provides leading business technology services and solutions for its clients, delivered through the power of people, digital innovation, and the Microsoft ecosystem. Avanade has over 28,000 professionals connected across 23 countries, bringing clients
 the best thinking through a collaborative culture. We pride ourselves on our diversity, and seek talented individuals who bring their best to build inclusive teams. Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture and Microsoft. Learn more at www.avanade.comFull Stack Web Developer
      
      Exciting Digital Web Project! 
      
      
        5 month contract + more! 
        
        Exciting Digital Web Project.
        
        Fantastic opportunity to work in Government. 
        
      
      
Your new company
This organisation is located in Melbourne’s CBD. This organisation plays an important role in the Victorian Public Sector making this an exciting opportunity project to join.

Your new role
This role will see you join their development team as a Full Stack Web Developer working on multiple tasks from supporting, designing, developing, integrating and implementing new technical solutions utilising the latest technology stacks. The platform you
 will be using will be the data visualisation platform based on RESTFUL Microservices.

What you'll need to succeed
From a technical perspective you will be an expert as a Full Stack Developer working across Web Projects utilising your Javascript expertise.

The requirements you will need for this position are as follows:


You will have worked in AGILE environments.You will have a strong understanding of the full Software Development Life Cycle.You will be a strong stakeholder engager.Technologies you will need to know but not limited to Nodejs, Feathersjs (or Express), React, MobX and MongoDB.If you have exposure to TDD & Unit Testing frameworks, this will be an advantage for you!
What you'll get in return
You will be rewarded by joining an exciting organisation and friendly team environment. You will also be able to contribute to this organisation’s growth phase and be part of the exciting Digital projects moving forward.

What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your resume or contact me directly at Alexandra.post@hays.com.au

      
      
      Reference Number:
        1894957
      
      
      To apply please click
        the 'Apply' button below.Webpage Designer
      
      We are currently seeking the services of an experienced Webpage Designer who can contribute to the design and development of new and existing external-facing websites using the Drupal Content Management System (CMS) or other platforms as required.
 

Contract until June 2017Security clearance requiredCanberra Based

The Role and responsibilities: 

Your strong experience in design will have you creating visual design products for web platforms (website through to mobile devices)Using co-design to work directly with business areas to understand the project outcomes to shape and design innovative solutionsThink strategically to help plan and design creative, robust and effective solutions to a variety of websites and online toolsEnsure that all solutions meet the DTO's Digital Service StandardsCollaborate effectively with the team to produce quality outcomes and share knowledge and experienceCreate wireframes, mock-ups and prototypes using best practices from the DTO Digital Service Standard Design GuidesEnsure that solutions delivered are responsive, cross-browser compatible, and compliant with accessibility requirements (WCAG 2.0 AA - AAA)Regularly attend and be actively involved in client meetingsBe actively engaged in problem solving various issues and other team activities.
The Successful candidate will have:

A strong design portfolio with suitable experience working with web, in particular designing responsive and accessible products.An understanding of HTML, Javascript, PHP, CSS, and jQuery to contribute to development of websites and services.Solid and demonstrated understanding of Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0Ability to both collaborate with team members and to work independently in a fast-paced, agile work environment.Proven ability to think strategically and to consider the requirements of the customer and their audience to plan and design creative, robust and effective solutions.Excellent written and verbal communication skills including the ability to explain complex issues and solutions to customers and executive staff.

The successful candidate must HOLD a current security clearance; therefore, applicants will be required to be Australian citizens. 

To apply for this opportunity, please submit your application to Jackson Bruce at Talent International by clicking the "APPLY NOW' button below. Alternatively, please contact Jackson on 02 6285 3500.Software Engineer
      
      

Permanent Full-Time Role Major Clients Immediate Start South Brisbane Office
SOUTH BRISBANE
ICEMEDIA is a leading Australian digital agency, located right in the middle of South Brisbane and West End! Our team of 50 fun, skilled and talented employees are all based within this office and currently work with organisations and different
 government sectors from local through to federal, on a wide range of projects. Our team has been around for 25 years and we continue to grow and adapt to the changing digital environment. 
What we are looking for:

ICEMEDIA is seeking ASP.NET Software Engineers (Programmers) with 3+ years' experience, ideally in an agency or corporate environment
You will be responsible for writing high quality code independently or as part of a team
Quick understanding of what is needed, implement requirements and problem solve
Required Skills:

ASP.NET – MVC and WebForms C# SQL, Entity Framework or NHibernate JavaScript
Nice to have skills:

Git PowerShell Sitecore, Umbraco, Kentico Azure/AWS or other cloud based hosting iOS, Android, Xamarin
You may be involved in developing large applications, websites, intranets or mobile apps.
In the day-to-day environment, you will be working with a project manager, software engineers, front-end developers, user experience designers and testers. You may need to speak directly with clients so communication skills are important.
At ICEMEDIA, we highly value a positive attitude. You do not need to be an expert in everything, but you will need a willingness to learn new technologies as required.
Being an Australia citizen is required, while having a baseline security clearance is a bonus.
The benefits of working with us:

We offer permanent roles and a stable work environment Salary based on your skills and experience Access to Private Health Insurance Benefits and Salary Sacrificing We value opinions – if you have a better way of doing something, we are happy to try it
We offer flexible work hours and a good work life balance We work on major & varied projects – Integrated systems, Web sites, Mobile apps, Intranets
You will gain exposure to various technologies You can let us know your areas of interest and we will try to match you to those projects
A great co-working team of supportive, creative and intelligent individuals ready and willing to help each other out
Birthday Cake on your special day! The team is professional but the work environment is casual, allowing for good communication and collaboration
ICEMEDIA is an equal opportunity employer and is a subsidiary of
Dialog Information Technology.
To apply for this role applicants are required to be Australian or NZ citizens or have permit residency in Australia.
Visit our website www.icemedia.com.au for more company information about us.
How to apply
If you have any questions feel free to email us at info@icemedia.com.au.
To apply, click on "Apply for this Job".
Note:  No recruitment agency responses please.Senior Software Engineer - Ecommerce
		
		
Central Sydney based role - Working for a fast pace online brand, great career opportunities and an environment where people enjoy turning up to work, pushing the boundaries of their technology stack and creating a platform that is one of the most
 respected in the world.
To be successful in this role you will need exceptional communication skills along with a strong technical skill set in a wide variety of technologies.
Experience working in an e-commerce environment highly regarded but solid online experience is suitable.
Required Skills:

At least 5+ Years software engineering Exerience in PHP5, Javascript, JQuery / CSS MYSQL and SQL Server based environments Ideally experience working in Linux and Windows Server Environments Payment gateway experience / ideally solid e-commerce experience Load balancing Third party application integration experience AGILE experience Strong communication skills are a must
 
If this role sounds like you and you would like more information on the role, please apply today or call Damien on 02 80040274Senior JavaScript (React) Engineer

NSW Government Organisation
8 months contract
Chatswood Location
NVI security clearance preferred
 
Primary Purpose
You will be working in an agile cross functional team including delivery manager, engineers and UX designers. You will work in an agile way using modern open source tools and frameworks (React, Redux, Jest,Bootstrap).
 
 
Essential skills and experience
* Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or IT equivalent qualification
* Excellent front-end JavaScript including strong commercial experience with React and Redux
* Strong web platform skills including HTML 5, CSS and SASS
* Experience implementing unit and integration tests
* An understanding of modern JavaScript design patterns
 
Experience in NSW public sector is highly desirable but not mandatory.
 
To apply for this opportunity, please submit your application in Word format only to Manisha Bakhru at manisha.bakhru@talentinternational.com or by clicking the "APPLY NOW" button below.
 
 

 

   
 
 
        
        
          Manisha Bakhru
+61 2 9223 9855
manisha.bakhru@talentinternational.com3mth+ Contract 

Based in Cronulla

Leading Integrated Agency

 
United Yeah is looking for a friendly & collaborative problem solver, who is motivated to produce amazing work.
As a full stack developer you will work within a multi-disciplinary team of designers, strategists, producers, and more, creating amazing products and projects for our clients.
You will primarily be responsible for co-designing and building high quality websites across Wordpress & Drupal, but there are always curveballs around the corner to make things interesting like custom CMS work or unique front-end only projects.  
You will work in close partnership with the creative team, helping each other explore the best interaction and design solutions for each project, but there will be times where you'll be expected to confidently work independently on both the front and back-end.
Our collaborative work model means you will have the opportunity to be involved in every stage of a project lifecycle; from early planning workshops and requirements analysis through to delivery and beyond. You will also have regular contact with the client
 and will be expected to clearly communicate your ideas and concerns to them as part of the team.
Initially we are looking for someone to join the team on a 3mth fixed contract, offering the right person the ability to make a difference, collaborate on rewarding projects across a variety of client sectors with a supportive team behind you all the way.
 
Requirements:
You will be;


An expert in your field and able to clearly communicate your ideas and concerns to the team and to the client.

Collaborating with the team and the client through every stage of the project.

Responsible for estimating your own tasks and managing your own workflow to meet the deadlines which you will have set with the team.

Responsible for the entire development lifecycle of a project, including testing and deployment.

Experienced enough to know when problems need to be escalated.

Able to recommend which technologies and/or tools are best for each project.

Able to evaluate each feature / request before it's created.

Able to accept constructive criticism.

Able to create clean, modern, well-documented code.

Able to work as part of a fun, dynamic and collaboraitve team.

 
You have/are;


Highly proficient in using PHP with a modern framework like Laravel or Symfony

Highly proficient in architecting and building API driven websites. (REST preferred)

Proficient in using modern HTML to create accessible and SEO friendly pages.

Proficient in a modern JavaScript framework; React, Polymer, Vue, or Angular.

Proficient in using LESS / SASS to create beautiful and responsive layouts.

Strong problem solving abilities.

Strong communication skills.

Strong version control skills; i.e. GitHub.

Experience in using build services.

Experience working on both Wordpress & Drupal.

Looking for a no nonsense, collaborative, team-oriented environment.

If this sounds like your cup of tea, chai, coffee or other form of liquid refreshment, then get in touch by sending your CV, some info about you along with a portfolio of your best work.
 
United Yeah is an integrated agency that creates influential ideas for ambitious brands.  Our recent projects include work for Grace, Singapore Airlines and NSW Government.  
You can learn more by checking out our website www.unitedyeah.comReact.js Developer
    
    
About the company
We are a technology consulting business based in Sydney CBD and we build innovative digital products!
About the role
React.js Developer to help service a large pipeline of work in a digital portfolio that is critical to the success of the business.
Skills / Experience

Excellent knowledge of React.js including Redux Strong core Front-End & JavaScript skills - jQuery, HTML5, CSS3 Must be autonomous, a self-starter, pro-active & take the initiative Strong attention to detail & problem solving skills
What we can offer you

Opportunity to work with the latest technologies and push the boundaries of IT within this industry vertical
Great office environment - v. collaborative & social Sydney CBD based
How to apply
If interested in this position, don't hesitate to click apply and submit your application today!Front End Developer 
    
    
      Gain exposure to leading edge frameworks and methodologies
      
      Permanent Role
      
    
    
One of Perth's leading companies is seeking a experienced front-end developer to join their team based in Perth. Using the latest front-end technologies you will create sophisticated web solutions for a wide-range of clientele.
Client Details
Our client is an Australian market leader in their industry sector, who have a long established client base which is containing to grow. As a business that embraces technology you will gain exposure to a fast paced and progressive project based environment,
 and play a key role in the ongoing design and delivery of front end web development solutions.
Description
Working as part of an experienced team you will play a key role in the provision of front end client facing portals, with a focus on providing market leading user experience. In addition you will provide support to the marketing team in delivering marketing
 online material, including EDMs, social apps and landing pages. You will also gain exposure to the very latest front end and mobile technologies, and learn from some of the brightest minds in the business.
Profile
You will be a self-starter with the ability to work proactively. You must be able to provide a portfolio of previous work as well as have the following:

2-3 years experience with Angular JS, HTML, CSS and JavaScriptExcellent communications skills with prior experience interacting with stakeholdersWorking knowledge of front end frameworks such as jQueryGood knowledge of web design best practicesCreative thinker with keen eye for detail




Job Offer

Excellent culture and work environmentPermanent opportunityCareer progression opportunities
To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact James Cowe on +618 9215 9517.Experienced Salesforce Developer 
      
      
        3 Month+ Rolling Contract
           
        CBD Location
           
        Will be working on large on going E2E projects 
           
      
      
Large Government agency developing a Salesforce practice to complement the delivery of many large-scale projects across the cluster. They are looking for a Salesforce.com developer with above average communication skills to provide technical support during
 the roll out of a Salesforce CRM platform.
Responsibilities include:

Debug and troubleshoot custom code using industry best practicesDevelop new user interfaces for Salesforce

Managing code version control process and deployments.Work with vendors for escalation and ownership of customer issues through resolution, including technical troubleshooting, customer and internal communication, and issue documentation

Assist with the design and delivery of product, provide feature explanation and other technical training for cross skillingWork in conjunction with project teams across the business to support project deliverables
Skills and experience necessary to be considered:

Hands on experience in developing Salesforce applications, administering the applications in an enterprise environment

Solid background building web based applications with an in depth understanding of:-

Web CSS, JavaScript and HTML5
Have demonstrated ability to influence a range of key senior stakeholders in order to achieve business outcomesPossess strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to effectively interact with all levels of the businessLocal knowledge and experience of the Australian market 
Benefits:
As a contractor, the day rate on offer is generous and the possibility of long term engagement is very real, this combined with the role providing you with exposure to the inner workings of how different Government agencies integrate and the what it is like
 to be part of a brand new, high performing Salesforce practice delivering massive change to the NSW Government.
Please submit you CV in MS word format for consideration ensuring it addresses the skills and experience necessary to be considered.

      
      Aurec Technology & Communications focuses on providing a highly specialised human capital sourcing service across Australia and Asia Pacific. 
        
        Visit our website www.aurec.comUX designer/Front End Developer
    
    
    
    

At ADAPS, taking risks and doing new things is core to what we do. We think great ideas come from anyone, regardless of role or level. We are a team that values flexibility and adaptability. If you want to partner with high-profile brands and directly impact
 a product, then this is the place for you. Most importantly, if you believe that the people make a great company, then this is the place for you!

As a UX Designer, you’ll play a key role in helping in redesigning the full suite of client ‘software to be the best in the world. The opportunity is unique; you’ll enjoy the stability of a bank industry with an incredible reputation while being part of an
 agile team that works in a start-up-like culture

Commercial experience on;
· Designing user-friendly user interfaces for enterprise web applications for business users.
· Storyboarding of use cases, Wireframing of user interface and hi-res mockups.
· Responsive design for desktop, tablet and mobile.
· Design the UX/Front End of different projects.
· Adept at collaborative design sessions, user testing, user flows, wireframes, visual mockups, prototypes and working directly with engineers.
· Have experience working and collaborating in cross-functional teams.
· Have experience working in an Agile product development environment.
· Have a good understanding of technical requirements and limitations of responsive web.

Required technical Skills;
· Fluency in developing graphics for web application UI, producing assets like images, icons, banners.
· Fluency with visual and interaction tools as well as prototyping tools.
· Fluency with HTML, CSS and JavaScript

Nice to have technical Skills;
· Experience in developing Salesforce Lightning UI.

The work environment is casual and fun yet requires individuals who enjoy proactively tackling big problems.
So don’t miss the opportunity now and APPLY now and
Connect with Adaps:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/AdapsIT
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/adaps
Website: www.adaps.com.auFull-Stack Developer | 6+ Month Contract | $600-800pd 
      
      
        CBD Location
        
        Innovative and Fast Paced Environment 
        
        $600-$800 per day 
        
      
      
The Company
Robert Half Technology are working with a Melbourne CBD located company which operates in the finance domain. This established company has a contract role available for a senior Full-Stack .NET developer.
The role will commence as either a 6 month contract (depending on skill-level) and will likely have extensions if the performance is strong.
The Role
The Successful candidate will be working on building applications in .NET. The main platform is built in ASP.NET C# and MVC.
Your Profile
We are looking for a Full-Stack .NET developer, who is available to commence a new contract role in July.
Essential

7+ year's of commercial experience in developmentA tertiary level IT programming qualification (masters preferred)Strong C# and ASP.NET skills & MVC knowledgeStrong knowledge of SQL ServerStrong front end skills in HTML4/5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQueryExperience is AngularJS, NodeJS or ReactJS would be seen as a positiveExperience in VB.NET or VB would be a positiveExperience in agile environmentsStrong communicational skills which will be utilised in mentoring juniorsKnowledge of the finance industry would be a benefit also
Apply Today
Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button or for further information, contact Nicholas Keel in our Melbourne office on (03) 9691 3661 quoting reference number RHTNAK21
Learn more about our Melbourne recruitment services: http://www.roberthalf.com.au/recruitment-agency-melbourne
Interested in advice on everything career, recruitment and work-life balance related? Check out our blog: www.roberthalf.com.au/blog


Apply through email by clicking the 'Apply Now' button below.

      
       Interested in advice on everything career, recruitment and work-life
        balance related? Check out our blog: www.roberthalf.com.au/blog 
      
        . 
        Apply through email by clicking the 
        'Apply Now' button below.An exciting opportunity has opened for an experienced Java/ J2EE developer to join our team. Successful applicants will have a strong Java based full stack background with hands on experience in Spring and Hibernate.
Role and Responsibilities

Develop and implement graphic designs Produce and maintain site code to meet design and technical specifications Understanding of web usability principles, and cross-browser features and limitations
Implement new solutions Suggest and implement functional improvements Maintain documentation and release notes of the implemented functionality
Essential Skills

Bachelors Degree in IT or in any related disciplines 3+ years hands-on programming experience in Java with frameworks like Hibernate, Spring
3+ years' experience in Web Application Design and development using  HTML5, Javascript, Angular JS
Experience working in geographically distributed teams High attention to detail and ability to multitask Excellent communication skills – written and verbal
 
If you are interested in pursuing a rewarding career by being a part of an organization committed to the growth of its customers and employees equally, please don't hesitate to APPLY NOW.
Please send your Resume in Word and we will get in touch with the shortlisted candidates ASAP.
 
To be considered, you must be a Permanent Resident or an Australian Citizen.Mid & Senior Full Stack Engineers | finance | MVC | API | ReactJS | Contract
      
      
This leading Financial client is seeking a Senior .Net Full Stack Engineer with excellent back end skills to join their exceptionally talented team in Sydney CBD. They are looking at an initial 6 month contract. You will work on web applications in an extremely
 talented development team. This is a six month rolling contract engagement.
Essential experience:

Minimum 5 years ' experience as a full stack developer Strong experience with .Net technologies -  ASP.net MVC and C# 4.5 and WebAPI
3+ years solid HTML5/Javascript Exposure to CSS ReactJS commercial experience NHibernate or Entity Framework  Unit Testing and Continuous Integration Experience working within an Agile environment RESTful web services/ API 
Desirable experience:

Agile and Waterfall Methodologies Financial Services 
If you believe you have the relevant experience and are ready for an exciting change with one of the leading financial companies in Australia then please apply via SEEK 
Please note that due to the high volume of applicants, only those who are shortlisted may be contacted.

      
      Contact: 
        .
      
      
        
        Phone: 02 8294 4091Full Stack Developer
      
      Node React
      
      
        Gold Coast Location
        
        Career Growth
        
        Enterprise Sized Projects
        
      
      
Rare opportunity to work on the Gold Coast for a market leading company in the Digital space.

Your new company
A major employer on the Gold Coast, this national company has been experiencing a huge amount of growth through its traditional and digital. An exciting pipeline of new and ongoing projects has seen the need to bring on an experienced full-stack developer.
 This is a rare opportunity to work in a high profile product based dev environment on enterprise sized projects.

Your new role
Working within the Development team the successful applicant will design and code several high end internal and external web applications, working with the business to create custom applications and assisting in short/long-term strategies that enhance the organisations
 profile with its customers.

What you'll need to succeed
We are looking for web developers with extensive JavaScript experience. Your experience with advanced JavaScript frameworks (React and NodeJS), Redux, Babel, Webpack and designing and delivering innovative online products for large scale projects using Gitflow
 & Continuous Integration will be vital. This role requires an innovative developer who will bring their expertise in advanced JavaScript frameworks and ability to develop web applications with rich client interfaces.

What you'll get in return
A great package is on offer for the successful applicant as well as the opportunity for career progression within a locally based company.

What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact Ben Borzi on 07 56675250 or ben.borzi@hays.com.au for a confidential discussion on your career.

      
      
      Reference Number:
        1883600
      
      
      To apply please click
        the 'Apply' button below.Full-Stack Developer | 6+ Month Contract | $350-500pd 
      
      
        Great CBD Location
        
        6 month initial contract - likely to be extended 
        
        Modern Technology Stack 
        
      
      
The Company
Robert Half Technology are working with a Melbourne CBD located company which operates in the finance domain. This established company has a contract role available for a senior Full-Stack .NET developer.
The role will commence as either a 6 month contract (depending on skill-level) and will likely have extensions if the performance is strong.
The Role
The Successful candidate will be working on building applications in .NET. The main platform is built in ASP.NET C# and MVC.
Your Profile
We are looking for a Full-Stack .NET developer, who is available to commence a new contract role in July.
Essential

4+ year's of commercial experience in developmentA tertiary level IT programming qualification (masters preferred)Strong C# and ASP.NET skills & MVC knowledgeStrong knowledge of SQL ServerStrong front end skills in HTML4/5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQueryExperience is AngularJS, NodeJS or ReactJS would be seen as a positiveExperience in VB.NET or VB would be a positiveExperience in agile environmentsStrong communicational skills which will be utilised in mentoring juniorsKnowledge of the finance industry would be a benefit also
Apply Today
Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button or for further information, contact Nicholas Keel in our Melbourne office on (03) 9691 3661 quoting reference number RHTNAK20
Learn more about our Melbourne recruitment services: http://www.roberthalf.com.au/recruitment-agency-melbourne
Interested in advice on everything career, recruitment and work-life balance related? Check out our blog: www.roberthalf.com.au/blog


Apply through email by clicking the 'Apply Now' button below.
By applying to this job you are agreeing to our Terms of Use

      
       Interested in advice on everything career, recruitment and work-life
        balance related? Check out our blog: www.roberthalf.com.au/blog 
      
        . 
        Apply through email by clicking the 
        'Apply Now' button below..NET Developer - Sitecore
      
      
About the company

My client is a leading nationwide infrastructure services organisation based in south-eastern Sydney. They have recently had a restructure within the business and they are going through a period of growth. Due to this they are recruiting for a .NET Developer
 - Sitecore to join their development team on a permanent basis. 

About the role

You will be responsible for maintaining development work, managing stakeholder requirements and developing across their web content management systems on the Sitecore platform.

About you

In order to be successful in your application for this position you will need to have the following experience:

Sitecore CMS .NET,C# Web service development in WCF and Web API JavaScript Source control systems (TFS) Problem solving skills 
What's in it for you?

This is an exciting opportunity to work for a leading nationwide organisation that is going through a period of growth. You will be working within a stable development team on exciting projects whilst receiving a competitive salary ($100,000- $115,000 + Super)

What's next?

In order to apply for this please submit your application. If you have any questions prior to your application please feel free to contact me prior to applications: vinny@charterhouse.com.au. All applications will be treated as strictly confidential.Senior PHP Developer / Technical Lead
      
      

Would you like to be involved in technical decision making and influencing the business?Are you a confident yet humble Senior PHP Developer?Are you looking to become a Technical Lead?

Reporting into C level Managers, assisting junior developers, generating new ideas to grow and benefit the technical future of the business.

The client is an established start up company with a large investor backing their growth. They provide a cloud based web applications to their industry and have large well known clients. They have created a collection of customized and specialized products
 to allow their clients to manager their business better and maximize their productivity.

You will be joining a team of 4 developers and the wider company who are protective of their friendly culture. You will be assisting the C level manager with their decision making based on your technical abilities. You will also be fundamental in coming
 up with innovative ideas for the next disruptive application in the industry.

Requirements:

Very strong experience in developing web applications using PHPGood knowledge of MVC frameworks - ideally LaravelMySQLHTML5, CSS/SASS, JavaScriptGit/Version ControlOutstanding communication skills

Desirable but not mandatory skills:

AWSBuilding distributed web applicationsNode.jsAgile/Scrum methodologiesJIRAElasticsearchTDDiOS/Android app development

Enquiries can be made to Thomas Scriven at Hudson 
in our Brisbane office on (07) 3258 8438 quoting
Ref. No. 4B/25670. Your application will be treated in the strictest of confidence.We are looking for an experienced blockchain developer to join our team! Experienced developers, as well as those who have great knowledge in blockchain technologies and platforms, and strong coding skills are also welcome to apply. 
 
What we are looking for:

Work as part of a collaborative team of entrepreneurial people who operate like a start-up.
Develop and contribute to the proof-of-concepts and productive solutions by integrating Blockchain technology with our clients' information systems
Develop on different Blockchain platforms such as  Ethereum, Bitcoin, Ripple highly regarded
Ready experience and ability to write smart-contracts in Ethereum, Hyperledger or R3 Corda
Ready experience in Bitcoin on the transaction level (include op codes) Rich knowledge in cryptography, including cryptographic protocol Use different programming languages (JavaScript, Python, C/C++, Go, Java, Ruby, Scala, C#, Solidity, etc.)
Work hand in hand with Client's functional and technical experts Use agile methodologies (Scrum, TDD, Devops) Have exceptional communication skills with the ability to develop strong client relationships and also work as a team.
Be keen to learn new technologies as well as understanding the business transformation
Financial technology background or financial industry experience appreciated but not essential.
If you are interested in pursuing a rewarding career by being a part of an organization committed to the growth of its customers and employees equally, please don't hesitate to APPLY NOW.
Please send your Resume in Word and we will get in touch with the shortlisted candidates ASAP.PHP Developer - Mid Level
      
      PHP Developer - Mid Level - Flagship Australian success story!

This is the 4th round of a major on-boarding process our client is going through.  Talent are very happy to be extending genuine career-opportunities to the national market for a client that is rapidly becoming known as an employer of choice and one of the
 most respected PHP shops in Australia... 

These offerings happen to be with a proudly Australian powerhouse that has recently hit the headlines for all the right reasons.  

You would be operating over one of several hugely successful environments; whether it new product development, integrations, dev-ops, right through to innovation teams. The ability to help contribute to existing software, systems and processes are all part
 of everyday life here.

Not only has this company grown at a rate of knots, but they're revitalising their internal processes and the way in which they're addressing internal structure and output; resulting in a plethora of internal promotions and opportunities to cross-pollinate
 your skill set.
 
Located in great offices with primo appliances / end of trip facilities etc; this business may have the look, sound and feel of an extremely well-funded start-up, but they have been successfully rolling  for a number of years.  They are now grabbing the opportunity
 to branch-out into North America and Europe. 

Internal mobility is also an option for the recognised talent that consistently meets and exceeds expectations. The choice is yours...

They are looking for a talented mid level PHP developer to join their high flying Sydney dev team. Your salary will reflect your experience but won't necessarily be related to "XYZ years of experience, talent is more important!

Tech-stack expertise they need?

PHP and associated frameworksNODE.JS / JAVASCRIPT programmingAmazon Web Services, Docker, Cloud based architecture and patternsCoding in Linux-style operating environmentsObject Oriented, Functional and Asynchronous/Evented Software Design patternsModern development frameworks (such as REACT, LAMBDA, Serverless or similar)The application of code and deployment management tools, such as JSON, JSON Schema, HTTP, SWAGGERElectronic transports, data formats, protocols and architectures such as HTTP, OPEN API & SWAGGERThe software development lifecycle, and transposition of stakeholder specifications and requirementsEcommerce carts or ecommerce / shipping / retail platforms - advantageous
As a business, Talent is very closely aligned to this organisation and acting as a sole recruitment partner. Should you require a full / extensive rundown on where this business is at, and looking to head in the coming years, don't hesitate in contacting us
 ASAP.

Upload your resume and links to any open source project work you're proud of.Digital Development Lead
        
        
This role with involve developing and guiding the Front End team members in maintaining and producing well versed code. The Development Lead will oversee the team and guide them along with setting the benchmark of the quality expected.
The right candidate will be hands on the tools and be able to efficiently manage.
Responsibilities:

Manage, mentor and work with a team made up of BA’s, QA’s and DevelopersDrive the front-end architectureDrive a culture of continuous improvement and continuous developmentConduct code reviews with a hands on techniqueBuild strong relationships within the team and internal and external stakeholders

What you must have:

3+ years as dev managerStrong communication skillsJavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 and an interest in other modern frameworksCI/CDWebpack, Grunt, Gulp, BabelAgile
If this sounds of interest and you would like to hear more. Please click ‘APPLY’ and one of our agents will be in touch.
Hydrogen UK Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.

        
        Hydrogen Group
          Level 17, 9 Castlereagh Street, Sydney, NSW 2000Software Engineer / Developer
      
      
Our client is seeking talented developers from multiple language backgrounds, (C++, Python, Java, C#).
The key skills they are after is experience with OpenSource UI Frameworks, strong graphical interface experience and
simulation experience. You will be adding functionality to an existing application built on complex algorthym's and C++. Therefore
a high level of maths is required.
The following are the criteria that an applicant for the position will be assessed against:

Essential criteria

Strong HTML5 / CSS3 knowledge, with solid grasp of modern responsive design concepts, and experienceExperience with Simulation / Responsive UI frameworks including Material Design Lite (MDL) and Polymer elements.Strong JavaScript skills, with demonstrated proficiency of modern front-end technologies and frameworks including Polymer.Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or EquivalentExperience with continuous integration and delivery (Git, JIRA, JIRA Agile, Bamboo)Ability to work effectively within a small team environment and with people across all organisational levels

Desirable criteria

Experience of full-stack web application development, including design and implementation.Asynchronous Web APIs (REST, SSE, WebSockets etc.), and demonstrated proficiency with modern serverside technologies and frameworks (Node, Express, Django, Mongo, etc.)Experience with other software languages (C++, Python, Java, C#)Excellent interpersonal, written and oral communication skillsWeb-based 3d map development experience with Cesium or mapping experience in general would be beneficial.
Have you got the hots for numbers? Simulation experience? Keen to work with the latest technologies?
Enquiries can be made to Thomas Scriven at Hudson
in our Brisbane office on (07) 3258 8438 
quoting Ref. No. 4A/18187 . Your application will be treated in the strictest of confidence.PHP Web Developer
      
      
        PHP Web Developer
        
        $65,000 - $80,000 plus superannuation 
        
        Brisbane
        
      
      
The Company

Deloitte’s Top 10 Technology Fastest growingHighly reputable brand across Australia and GloballyOnline consumer driven businessAttractive salaries and employee benefitsModern technology landscapeStrong, performance driven Development teamFun team and great culture
The Role
As a PHP Web Developer, you will have the opportunity to work on Greenfield products utilizing the very latest that Technology has to offer. You will play a critical role as part of their core product / development team and be responsible for the build of
 new features. Your genuine passion for innovative web engineering will see your ideas shape and evolve their digital product.
Your Profile
To be successful in this role, you must have a background of:

PHP DevelopmentJavaScript; HTML5; CSS3WebAPIAgile & Scrum methodologiesGITExperience across High Traffic Websites idealTeam playerExcellent written & oral communication skillsGreat, pro-active attitudeAn active member of the Web Development communityExperience with AWS and/or a start-up environment would be highly advantageousIf this sounds like you, or if you are interested in hearing more, then please apply today.
Apply Today
Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button or for further information, contact
Charlotte Mullings in our Brisbane office on 
07 3039 4202. 
Or email: charlotte.mullings@roberthalf.com.au

      
       Interested in advice on everything career, recruitment and work-life
        balance related? Check out our blog: www.roberthalf.com.au/blog 
      
        . 
        Apply through email by clicking the 
        'Apply Now' button below..NET Developer C#ASP.NET MVC
      
      
We currently have an opportunity for a Full Stack Senior .NET developer to join a midsize successful business in Melbourne.

Our client has a friendly and approachable technical team where you will be self- managed and not afraid to put in the hard yards. This I a real opportunity to shine and grow in rapidly expanding business.
Ideally we are seeking a candidate who has worked on both UI and backend.

• C#, ASP.NET
• MVC3+ Framework
• JavaScript / jQuery / Angular (2 years + experience)
• SQL Server
• EF (Entity Framework)
• Bootstrap/ CSS/ LESS
• Web API / JSON
• LINQ

We are looking for around 4-5 years development experience in C# and the ability to demonstrate web development projects that you have been involved in.
You will have experience working with SQL server and development and have a genuine interest in Cloud Development - AWS.

This is a platform to step up and advance your career, with interesting projects a good culture to perform and above market rate salary offered.Senior Software Engineer C#
      
      
THE COMPANY
Our client is a large global organisation renowned for it’s innovation, both in their products & services, the markets they operate in and the emerging technologies they work with. Defining the future of their industry with smart trains, coordinated networks,
 and an integrated supply chain, they are realizing the power of digital infrastructure.
THE ROLE
Working within a team of 4, you will be working on the design and re-development of an existing Real-time GPS tracking system used in heavy industry.
You must have an eye for design as this role will see work across the entire SDLC, identifying gaps in the platform to grow it’s capability and assisting senior technical leadership in defining the architecture and solutions.
SKILLS REQUIRED
You will have extensive experience in the .NET eco-system, particularly with Lean/Agile/XP, CI, Software, Product Security, Scalability, documentation practices, refactoring and testing techniques.
You will be able to demonstrate experience with continuous integration, technology approaches and demonstrated experience with the following technologies:

Microsoft Stack: C# MVC, ASP.NET, .NET 4.0/4.5 Framework, DCOM, ATL, VC++, VB, MS SQL, MySQLWeb technologies: SOA, JBOSS, XML, Spring, RESTful, Jersey, RestEasy, JAX-WS, Web ServicesFront-end: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, W3C compliance and accessibility experienceSource Control: svn, GIT, Puppet or other configuration management toolsKnowledge of data structures, algorithms, and software engineering principles

Naturally you will be tertiary qualified with a Degree in Software Engineering or equivalent.
Like to know more?
To submit your application, in strict confidence, please apply online using the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Linda Apostolidis in our Newcastle office on +61 2 4927 2224 quoting Ref No. 2R/07478
Your interest will be treated in the strictest of confidence.We are looking for an Apigee Engineer t to overseas all aspects of the software development lifecycle which includes estimating, technical design, implementation, documentation, testing, deployment and support of application developed
 for our clients.
Responsibilities:

Lead the technical planning & requirements gathering phases including estimate, develop, test, manage projects, architect and deliver.
Serve as a technical lead and mentor. Provide technical support or leadership in the development and continual improvement of service.
Develop and maintain effective working relationships with team members. Demonstrate the ability to adapt and work with team members of various experience level.
Implement requirements of the API layer like security, custom analytics, throttling, caching, logging, monetization, request and response modifications etc. using Apigee
Create custom policies in Java, JavaScript, Node js, Python etc in Apigee 
Build and create shared flows for Error Handling, Security and other scenarios as deemed necessary
Design and develop API platform to connect to various disparate backend systems for seamless data exchange
Build API developer portal for service providers to on board app developers, add API documentation and customize using drupal
Work as Dev-Ops for all Apigee related requests. 
Essentials:

3+ years experience in the same or similar role Have a collaborative mind set, you enjoy sharing knowledge and succeed as a team
Have exceptional communication skills with the ability to develop strong client relationships and also work as a team.
Be keen to learn new technologies as well as understanding the business transformation.
If you are interested in pursuing a rewarding career by being a part of an organisation committed to the growth of its customers and employees equally, please send your Resume in Word Format and we will get in touch with the shortlisted
 candidates a soon as possible.
 Fullstack .NET Web Developer
      
      
        .NET Web Development
        
        Permanent Role
        
        Content Management Systems Experience
        
      
      
The Company 
  
Are you seeking a newly created permanent role within Fullstack .NET Web Development working on Greenfield projects here in the heart of Perth? You too could join this ten year established IT Solutions and Consulting Vendor looking to rapidly expand and
 double its IT team within twelve months. 

The Role 
  
Your next role will be: 
·          Fullstack development within .NET, web technologies and content management systems (CMS)

·          A permanent role paying attractive rates of pay (up to $110K plus super) plus incentives

·          Working on innovative Greenfield projects within a multitalented digital stream

·          Client facing across an array of sectors 
·          Working closely with internal BA's/PM's and IT Management 
Your Profile 
·          5+ years in Fullstack .NET Development 
·          Extensive experience within HTML, CSS, JavaScript 
·          A good understanding of content management systems - ideally with Kentico

·          Experience with Web Services - ideally WCF 
·          Experience within an Agile Environment 
Apply Today 
  
To be considered for this role please submit a copy of your CV today by clicking the 'Apply' button or send your CV directly to perthIT@psgaus.com.au


 

      
      Suzanne AdlingtonLeading Australian technology consultancy (A Dimension Data Company) Make a real difference in people’s lives, through digital technology Based in the heart of Brisbane CBD Full time/ permanent position with Oakton QLD
Join our growing Digital practice where you will deliver innovation technical solutions across all industries, including working with government to radically improve digital information services. Oakton's a consulting and technology firm founded in 1988
 and more recently joined the Dimension Data Group. Our business is collaborating with clients to create technology solutions to give them a distinct advantage in today’s rapidly changing world and allow them to engage with their customers in a more rewarding
 way.
We presently have an opening for a UX Designer to work on complex projects that are delivering solutions which will be used by millions of people everyday. In this role you can expect to work closely with clients, developers and use the latest industry standards
 and techniques to research and build the best user experience and engaging, beautiful interfaces.

If you join our team we’ll give you the chance to work with some of the best and brightest on industry leading projects. You’ll have variety and be supported in your career development from day one. In addition you’ll have the chance to cross-train into
 the latest technologies. 
Your job duties will be:

Facilitate user-centered research through user interviews, usage analysis, and usability testing
Apply User Interface Design and User Centred Design principles    Develop and maintain design mock-ups, prototypes, specifications, navigation maps and other design documents
Develop comprehensive UI wireframes Make iterative modifications to UI designs based on customer feedback Annotate user interactions and expected solution behaviours 
We are looking for talented UX Designer with the following:

A proven record in producing high caliber UX artefacts and selling the benefits of UX
Experience working on large and complex digital projects    Ability to respond positively and calmly to shifting priorities, demands and timelines
Skills in visual design software programs, such as Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, In Design
Excellent communication, presentation and time management skills    Strong experience designing for software, web and/or digital products Solid understanding of information architecture, web usability, and accessibility
Knowledge of modern front end UI technologies (HTML5, Javascript, CSS3, etc) Strong experience applying user experience principles and practices including design thinking methodology, heuristics, requirements gathering, information architecture
To be successful in this role, you will have:

Experience of a similar role(s) for a least 3 years, ideally within a digital agency or consultancy
Unsolicited applications from recruitment agencies will not be accepted.• Multi-Million Dollar organisation
• Stable organisation - Operating for over 30 years
• Specialising in financial services software products 
• Variety of projects (Greenfield & existing)
• Positive & friendly team environment 

This leading Australian software organisation has been specialising in financial services software products for the last 30+ years across the APAC region. They currently employ over 100 team members.


You will be part of a positive & friendly web application team developing a variety greenfield & existing products. The teams work within an agile/scrum environment - The company provides formal training & certifications within agile/scrum. 

Essential skills/experience required for this role:

• At least 4 Years ASP.NET, C# experience
• At least 1+ years MVC experience
• At least 1+ years WEB API experience 
• JavaScript, JQuery
• Commercial experience with dependency injection
• Commercial experience with TDD (Test driven development)
• Excellent written & verbal communications skills  

Desirable skills/experience

• Angularjs
• Queuing technologies (RABBITMQ, MSMQ ect) 

To find out more about this fantastic opportunity, please hit the apply button to submit your CV in word format.

Please note: Only short listed applications will be contacted.Senior PHP Developer
      
      
        Permanent PHP Developer position
        
        $110,00 to $130,000 Plus Superannuation 
        
        Technology: PHP, OOP, JavaScript, HTML5, JSON, XML,
        
      
      

The Company
An exciting opportunity for a talented PHP Developer with advanced PHP development skills with Object Oriented Programming to join and lead a team of high tech individuals within an entrepreneurial business environment.

The Role

Developing using PHP as the main technology for web based solutions;Responsible for developing within an Object Oriented Programming environment;Responsible for the development of quality code and end solutions;Styling written in SASS;Reading/Using XML with PHP;

Your Profile
To succeed in this role Senior PHP Developer , you will have the following skills and experience:

Minimum 5 years’ experience working as a PHP DeveloperAdvanced level PHP experience with OOP/MVCProven success in developing solutions within JavaScriptProven commercial experience in HTML5Ability to read/use XML with PHPKnowledge of JSON formatAbility to write up bash scripts and use existing scripts using Linux BashStrong SQL skills, MYSQLExperience leading a team and mentoring other developersExcellent written and verbal communication skills.You must already be based in Perth to be considered for this position.

Apply Today
To apply for the Senior PHP Developer please send your resume by clicking on the apply button. Learn more about our Perth recruitment services: http://www.roberthalf.com.au/recruitment-agency-perth

      
       Interested in advice on everything career, recruitment and work-life
        balance related? Check out our blog: www.roberthalf.com.au/blog 
      
        . 
        Apply through email by clicking the 
        'Apply Now' button below.Front End Developer
      
      Our Adelaide based client is currently looking for an experienced Front End Developer as part of their expansion.

Front-End Developer is a critical role to ensure the successful delivery of features and new products while ensuring quality standards are met for the coding/development artefacts and the end product itself. 

The role will assist with driving productivity and process improvement in collaboration with the Front-End Developer Lead, Business Analyst and Tech/Team Lead.

Key Accountabilities

Receive requirements, user stories and functional specification documents from the Front-End Developer Lead and/or Business Analysts and create or oversee the creation of detailed application design from it.Develop quality solutions delivering on the vision of a highly creative user interface and experienced team.Perform development of product features and bug-fixes in line with the agreed processes and standards.Ensure timely delivery of scheduled development work and communicate back delays and roadblocks to Front-End Developer Lead/ Team/ Tech Lead and all other stakeholders.Help drive improvements in the overall quality of the existing application and architecture.

Education & Experience:

Tertiary qualification in I.T. or Computer Science or equivalent.3+ years of proven Front End development experience with a strong emphasis around new software development.2+ years' experience in a true Agile/Scrum environment where Test Driven Development (TDD) methods are employed.Understanding of CSS pre-processing, such as LESS or SassUnderstanding of a version control system e.g. GITKnowledge of responsive designExperience using a modern client-side JavaScript framework (such as Angular)Experience handling asynchronous requests and working with RESTProficient understanding of web mark-up, including HTML5, CSS3Proficient understanding of common client-side JavaScript libraries (e.g. JQuery)Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around themComfortable with an iterative SCRUM development process that includes accepting and managing constant feedback/review and constructive criticism
If the role sounds interesting, please apply online or call Kapil on 08 8228 1566.Software Engineer / Developer
      
      
Our client is seeking talented developers from multiple language backgrounds, (C++, Python, Java, C#).
The key skills they are after is experience with OpenSource UI Frameworks, strong graphical interface experience and
simulation experience. You will be adding functionality to an existing application built on complex algorthym's and C++. Therefore
a high level of maths is required.
The following are the criteria that an applicant for the position will be assessed against:

Essential criteria

Strong HTML5 / CSS3 knowledge, with solid grasp of modern responsive design concepts, and experienceExperience with Simulation / Responsive UI frameworks including Material Design Lite (MDL) and Polymer elements.Strong JavaScript skills, with demonstrated proficiency of modern front-end technologies and frameworks including Polymer.Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or EquivalentExperience with continuous integration and delivery (Git, JIRA, JIRA Agile, Bamboo)Ability to work effectively within a small team environment and with people across all organisational levels

Desirable criteria

Experience of full-stack web application development, including design and implementation.Asynchronous Web APIs (REST, SSE, WebSockets etc.), and demonstrated proficiency with modern serverside technologies and frameworks (Node, Express, Django, Mongo, etc.)Experience with other software languages (C++, Python, Java, C#)Excellent interpersonal, written and oral communication skillsWeb-based 3d map development experience with Cesium or mapping experience in general would be beneficial.
Have you got the hots for numbers? Simulation experience? Keen to work with the latest technologies?
Enquiries can be made to Thomas Scriven at Hudson
in our Brisbane office on (07) 3258 8438 
quoting Ref. No. 4A/18187 . Your application will be treated in the strictest of confidence.Intranet Manager
      
      

Pivotal communications role in a not for profit organisation 
An exciting opportunity to be a part of an organisation that makes a difference to the lives of Australia's most disadvantaged children and their families 
Maternity leave replacement - Part time role: Three of four days per week depending on candidate availability 
The Smith Family is a national charity that helps young Australians in need to get the most out of their education, so they can create better futures for themselves. The Intranet Manager is instrumental in maintaining and managing The Smith Family Intranet
 and associated collaboration platforms. Your role will be varied but incredibly rewarding as you not only oversee the information, design and content of the intranet but you will be working with different stakeholders and users to ensure that the intranet
 continues to be an effective tool helping them to have a better day at work. You will support and liaise with people from across the organisation, to plan and provide ongoing improvements to the system. You will also explore and recommend new opportunities
 to enhance knowledge sharing and team member collaboration in the online environment.
A day in the life of an Intranet manager might look like this, but every day will be different:  

   Researching and understanding best practices and new developments that can be utilised to promote continuous improvement 
    Analysing, developing and implementing changes and potential improvements to the content of the intranet and optimise accessibility and user experience 
    Monitoring and reporting on intranet activity through statistics and feedback
    Identifying and responding to feedback on system performance and updates to ensure the platform is technically sound to enable positive user experience 
  Planning, developing and delivering training programs for users across all areas of the business, to navigate the intranet, manage content and use collaboration platforms
    Liaising and coordinating communication between the Business Information System (BIS) team and the intranet vendors 
    Guiding development of online forms and automated processes     Sourcing and writing new content for the high traffic areas of the intranet 
It takes a special kind of person to be Intranet Manager. You will have a relevant tertiary qualification, and two to five years of experience implementing or managing web sites or intranets, and being familiar with MS Office365 and SharePoint Online. You
 have at least a basic understanding of the components of common web technology (HTML, CSS, Javascript) and online document management principles. You have excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills. You have strong organisational skills
 and project coordination skills. You are experienced in the development and review of web content and the ability to provide constructive feedback that improve the messaging, tone, clarity, flow. You are comfortable with social networking and collaboration
 software and other web-based technologies. You are comfortable managing digital changes and supporting team members to adopt new systems and processes.
Living up to our employment promise, our team members tell us that working for The Smith Family, they have great job flexibility and the ability to work alongside committed, passionate and professional team members whilst engaging in challenging, fulfilling
 and diverse work. In turn, our team members believe that they offer commitment to our vision, mission and values and effective collaboration with fellow team members to deliver strong performance outcomes. 
To find out more information about this role please see the position description located at https://www.thesmithfamily.com.au/get-involved/jobs/intranet-manager-sydney
Applications are to be sent to the email address below and should include a resume and cover letter and must address the essential criteria in the position description.
For further information or to apply, please contact Rhys Kelly on ph: 02 9085 7273, or via email at: rhys.kelly@thesmithfamily.com.au  

Closing Date:   Friday, 4 August 2017
Due to the nature of this role, the successful candidate must be prepared to undertake a National Police Check and a Working with Children's Check.
We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to principles of cultural diversity. Applications from people of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander descent are encouraged.
 

      
      The Smith Family is an EEO employer and is committed to principles of cultural diversity.Senior / Lead Java Developer
      
       

Conveniently located CBD officeInnovative company shaking up the industryJava stack with casual/start-up feelAgile environment
About the Company:

My client is a fast growing company in the IT industry. They build applications that rival some big brand names for large-scale clients. They have clients in multiple countries and are expanding world-wide. They have been around for a few years now, but have
 a start-up feel to their organisation. This is an opportunity to join an innovative organization working on some industry shaking applications.

About the Role:

This is Senior or Lead Development opportunity (depending on the candidate). You will be liaising with the CTO on all of their applications and need to be able to demonstrate strong leadership skills. They are very much an Agile and TDD environment, so knowledge
 of those methodologies is highly advantageous. Also, you will be developing scalable applications to meet the growing needs of the business; all while driving any process improvements or change when necessary. You will need to have clear and concise communication
 skills as this is a position where you will need to not only communicate with your team, but external clients as well.

About You:

You must generate expert knowledge with the following areas:

JavaJavaScript (Vue or React)TDD / CIAWSTrue Agile Environment

Soft Skills for the position include the following:

Extensive leadership experienceStrong attention to detailExcellent problem solving skillsClient-facing abilitiesClear and concise communication skills in English IS A MUST
If you or someone you know are interested in this position, please click 
APPLY NOWSenior PHP Developer / Technical Lead
      
      

Would you like to be involved in technical decision making and influencing the business?Are you a confident yet humble Senior PHP Developer?Are you looking to become a Technical Lead?

Reporting into C level Managers, assisting junior developers, generating new ideas to grow and benefit the technical future of the business.

The client is an established start up company with a large investor backing their growth. They provide a cloud based web applications to their industry and have large well known clients. They have created a collection of customized and specialized products
 to allow their clients to manager their business better and maximize their productivity.

You will be joining a team of 4 developers and the wider company who are protective of their friendly culture. You will be assisting the C level manager with their decision making based on your technical abilities. You will also be fundamental in coming
 up with innovative ideas for the next disruptive application in the industry.

Requirements:

Very strong experience in developing web applications using PHPGood knowledge of MVC frameworks - ideally LaravelMySQLHTML5, CSS/SASS, JavaScriptGit/Version ControlOutstanding communication skills

Desirable but not mandatory skills:

AWSBuilding distributed web applicationsNode.jsAgile/Scrum methodologiesJIRAElasticsearchTDDiOS/Android app development

Enquiries can be made to Thomas Scriven at Hudson 
in our Brisbane office on (07) 3258 8438 quoting
Ref. No. 4B/25670. Your application will be treated in the strictest of confidence.Senior Drupal Developer
      
      

If you are a Senior Drupal Developer, this is the job you’ve been waiting for!You will be working for a market leader in the Drupal space.You will be working in a global team where you will achieve personal and professional goals.

Our client, a market leader is looking for a Senior Drupal Developer in their fast paced team working with cutting edge technologies!

About the Company
Our client, a market leader in their field, is looking for a passionate Senior Drupal Developer to join their established team. As part of this company you will get hands on experience with the latest technologies as well as a great insight into how companies
 operate on a global level.

About the role
As a Senior Drupal Developer you would be in charge of designing and implementing new features and functionalities as well as BAU and local custom development. Your product will help facilitate and drive growth within the business.

About you
You must possess the skills listed below as well as have strong communication skills.


Strong experience building and maintaining responsive and scalable websitesStrong Front End skills including: HTML5, SCSS/CSS/CSS3, JavaScript/JQuery and AJAXSite experience using Drupal CMSUnderstanding of Drupal theme layer, including templates, hooks, pre-process functions and render arraysStrong understanding of PHP including object oriented programmingExperience with LAMP stackExperience with GITExperience with REST and SOAP APIsAbility do debug and solve problems

Enquiries can be made to Soraya Hosseini at 
Hudson in our Brisbane office on (07) 3258 8401
quoting Ref. No. 4B/25716. 
Your application will be treated in the strictest of confidence.About Us:

Infosys is a global leader in consulting, technology, outsourcing and next-generation services. We enable clients, in more than 50 countries, to stay a step ahead of emerging business trends and outperform the competition. We help them transform and thrive
 in a changing world by co-creating breakthrough solutions that combine strategic insights and execution excellence. 

Visit www.infosys.com to see how Infosys (NYSE: INFY), with US$ 8.7 billion in annual revenues and 187,000+ employees, is helping enterprises renew themselves while also creating new avenues to generate value.
 
Short Description – The Solution Designer will be involved in specific capability groups and will be attending workshops and contributing to the development of technical solution/artefacts.

 
Roles and Responsibilities:
 

Leverage and implement the solution options, best practices and architecture patterns for transformation projects/programs
Participate in workshops with Business and Key IT stakeholders to define the roadmap for business processes and transition path.
Review and provide inputs to the high level design options for the end to end solution.
Work closely with the application team with respect to all the activities which can affect the solution (design, build, testing and implement).
Define high level solution, technical building blocks and facilitate project / program team with budget guidance estimation and timeline.
Ensure client's confidence in Infosys team's capabilities to provide the best in class and optimized solution.
Work closely with different functional areas , multi-vendor and project teams to identify and document requirements


Skill / Experience Requirements:

Essential 
 •    Working knowledge of Oracle development tools, WebLogic server deployments, Oracle Database
 •    Expertise in one of the components - Oracle Fusion Middleware and its components; SOA suite, ADF, OID, OEM, OIM, OBIP, Java, JavaScript, XML, Oracle SQL, PL/SQL, etc 
 •    Experience in leading Technical solution for at least one end to end OBP implementation project
 •    Knowledge of different Architecture models
 •    Tertiary Qualification in IT / Computer Science / Finance or related discipline


 Preferred
 •    9+ years of relevant experience in the IT industry
       Hands on experience in solution design in the financial services space
 •    Domain experience in Core Banking , Retail lending , Originations and servicing
 •    Skilled in analysis and design of Data Models
 •    Ability to understand and convert the functional requirements to technical specifications and lead the engagement from Technical stand point
 •    Ability to evaluate technologies, tools and techniques through POCs
 •    Experience in Oracle Banking Platform (OBP) and its technical architecture 
Infosys is an equal opportunity employer and positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of gender or other attribute covered by equal opportunity legislation.

Please note in order to protect the interest of all parties involved in the recruitment process, Infosys does not accept any unsolicited resumes from third party vendors. In the absence of a signed agreement any submission will be deemed as non-binding and
 Infosys explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire the submitted profile.  All recruitment activity must be coordinated through the Talent Acquisition department.
EOE/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.Net Technical Lead
    
    
The Tech 
Your team will be responsible for a complex array of systems, services, tools and reports that control all aspects for the platform.
The platform is built upon a large scale distributed microservices architecture with AngularJS, C#, SQLServer, PostgreSQL in the stack, plus a powerful data processing backend built on an AWS Redshift data warehouse cluster. You will employ DDD, CQRS & Event
 Sourcing, message queuing and Event Stream Processing and Cloud patterns in your daily challenges.
We're big on Agile development, microservices, DevOps and automation, CI/CD etc. We love new and interesting tech. Never because it's shiny - but because it helps us solve problems.
REQUIREMENTS

Proven technical and team leadership skills Bachelor degree preferred, professional qualification certification or equivalent experience
Minimum 5 years hands-on C# experience, async/await, Linq, ASP.NET MVC framework
Commercial experience with Event Stream Processing or CQRS architectures NuGet package eco-system Dependency injection C# unit test skills Experience with message queuing architectures Experience in database design and query performance tuning A demonstrable knowledge of data structures and basic algorithms
NICE TO HAVE

Amazon Web Service (Lambda, Kinesis, RedShift, CloudFormation, DynamoDB) Browser end debugging skills (network traffic, JavaScript debugging) HTTP protocol, Rest API, WebHook Source control skills (Git, GitHub, BitBucket)
BENEFITS

Working alongside some of the best and brightest software engineers Job related training inhouse and support for external training Global network with unlimited growth opportunities Employee share scheme giving employees a financial stake in the business Health and wellness initiatives Company gathering and celebration 3 times a year Staff awards program; Generous staff referral program
IF THIS SOUNDS LIKE YOU APPLY NOW!!!Graduate Software Developer
      
      
Where you will be working… This is an exciting opportunity to join a rapidly growing, Australian owned company as a Graduate Software Developer.
As part of an agile development team, you will build and work on enterprise grade software systems for public safety, government and private bodies.  You'll be involved in all areas of development from design to development and testing.  This is most definitely
 an entry level role, reporting to a senior developer.
Do you have what it takes… We are seeking a quick learning, driven go – getter….someone who is dedicated and looking for long-term opportunities.
You must possess relevant IT qualifications. You could either be a recent IT graduate or someone with a few years' of developing experience under your belt. Experience with or knowledge of the following coding languages will be highly regarded:
 NET Framework, C#, SQL Server, VB6, HTML5, CSS, Javascript, Angular 1.0 and Azure.
Key responsibilities include:

Analysis, design, coding, integration and testing Performing system analysis and assessment for business applications Developing tools and applications by producing clean, efficient code Performing informal and formal unit, system and integration testing. Collaborating with internal teams and vendors to fix and improve products Documenting development phases and monitoring systems Ensuring software is up-to-date with the latest technologies Providing analysis of customer or potential customer requirements Resolving application and software performance issues Implementing and documenting approved software designs, utilising a variety of programming tools
Using Coding Languages - .NET Framework, C#, SQL Server, VB6, HTML5, CSS, Javascript, Angular 1.0 and Azure.
Equally important will be your can-do attitude, dedication to customer service and finishing a job, diplomacy and self-confidence. The ability to analyse, problem-solve and think outside the square is crucial.
What's in it for you…In return, you will be rewarded with a competitive salary package PLUS the opportunity to really shine and demonstrate your capabilities. Our client is generous and flexible with great employee retention. And one more
 thing….they never make you work on your birthday!
What you need to do…please send us your cover letter and resume asap. Don't miss out as this role!
Please note that the applicant receiving an offer will be required to complete a successful police check.If you are a talented developer with 2+ yars AEM years experience then i want to hear fro you! My client is a Leading Australian company within their field who have just obtained some very exciting projects. As a result they are looking to build their
 existing AEM team by 3!

What you will have experience in:


Strong Web Content Management experience with Adobe AEM 6.1 OR 6.2Strong Java development experienceOSGi bundle development experienceFamiliarity with Agile development including daily scrum and weekly iteration reviews and planningExperience in creating and consuming RESTful and SOAP based web services and JavaScript Object Notation (JSON)Working experience with Web server and J2EE application server such as JBoss, WebLogic, WebSphere, Tomcat, or Apache.Hands-on working on Java frameworks such as Spring Mode/View/Controller (MVC) Spring Web Service, Hibernate, or Struts MVCExperience with Continuous Integration and Automated test execution and building tools such as Jenkins, Hudson, Selenium or Maven.Experience with unit testing frameworks, such as JUnit and Mockito.Experience with source control management tool, such as Apache Subversion and Clear Case.Good communication skills

Nice to haves:

AWS - a Big Bonus!
    
    Chris Lane
+61 (0)2 9238 4283
Chris.Lane.Daxtra@opusrs.com.au.Net CMS Developer
    
    
Build rich web based applications , working in a fun and and creative loving team that love all things tech and banter'. Birthdays off, shorter working days in the summer! -  Table tennis enthusiasts encouraged to apply.
Essential Experience:

+4 years development experience C# ASP.Net, MVC5 CMS Experience using 1 or more of the following: Sitecore/Umbraco/Kentico/EPiServer/DNN
JavaScript, JQuery, Angular HTML5, CSS3 Web API SQL Server 
Desirable Experience:

Agile (Scrum Experience)  Jira TFS AWS, Azure Github
What about you? You are:

Motivated Self-starter Live & breathe new technologies Able to prioritise and juggle workload Have high attention to detail Excellent communication skills
If this sounds like you, please apply NOW by clicking the APPLY NOW button!
Due to high volume of candidates only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.Java Software Engineer
      
      

CBD LocationGlobal Product CompanyExperience working in high traffic, high volume, enterprise environmentsJoin a team to build a brand new enterprise level App Web development exp a must Cutting edge technology Agile Culture Collaborative mindset Get your voice heard $90k package negotiable
My client is seeking a forward thinking Java Software Engineer to grow their newly established team in creating a new product to launch into a global market.
You will embrace the latest open source technologies and structural frame works combined with a grounding in Java Jee development tools.
Experience in web development is a must for this role and any experience of AWS or Cloud related tools will be a nice to have.
This is a role that requires you to contribute and ‘find your voice' to input your ideas and contribute to the direction of the project.
If you are ready to step up to contribute to a high performing Java engineering team and want to join a company to rival the next Google or Facebook then look below at the position description to see if your skills and experience fit.
As a Java Software Engineer, you will:

Deliver innovative, highly scalable Web and Mobile products to customers.Be involved in improving the overall engineering and technical ability of the team.
Apply your strong judgement and belief in your passion for hands on development and contribute to day-to-day decisions and interactions within the team
Be knowledgeable and up to date with industry trends, technologies, frameworks and techniques.
Key attributes:

You are constantly striving to solve problems effectively and always look for opportunities to improve.You're a team playerYou can communicate complex concepts in a clear and precise way. You have strong opinions based on your S/W engineering passion and you're confident in your ability to have robust discussions about them.You are looking to learn and grow from senior team members however you still hold your opinions about what works and what doesn't.

Key skills:

Experience in developing, and debugging software systemsExperience working in an Agile methodologyExperience with Java, JEE, EJB, Spring, Servlets, JSP, Hibernate, SQL. HTML5, CSS, XSL, XML Schemas, JavaScript, Ajax, Front-end Frameworks (Node.js, Angular, jQuery etc.), Build tools (Maven, Gradle)Experience in relational databases (Oracle, MySQL, Postgres etc) and NoSql databasesExperience with RESTful and SOAP-based web servicesExpert skills in building and maintaining well structured testable code.Expert skills in modern software development techniques, design and architectural patterns and best coding practicesUnderstanding of how to build robust, performance, scalable web applications and API's.Knowledge and understanding in cloud technologies (AWS and Docker preferable).Continuous improvement mindset and solution orientated approach to complex problems
If this sounds like your current career growth then pick up the phone and find out more by speaking to the Java development career experts Geoff Tranah and Aoife McHale as soon as possible to avoid disappointment .
 
To apply for this role, please provide your resume in our preferred Word or PDF format no larger than 1MB and quote Job Reference: 15593.
For any queries regarding this or other roles, please phone Geoff Tranah on 03 8641 6807.
Thank you for your interest and we will be in touch with those candidates that meet the position requirements and are an Australian Resident.
People from a diverse background are welcome to apply.
For a full listing of positions please visit www.ecareer.com.au
 

ecareer employment services
Level 10, 601 Bourke St, Melbourne VIC 3000
Phone: 03 8641 6807Sharepoint Developer
      
      
Who We Are
Urbis is a market-leading firm with the goal of shaping the cities and communities of Australia for a better future. Drawing together a network of the brightest minds, Urbis consists of practice experts, working collaboratively to deliver fresh thinking
 and independent advice and guidance – all backed up by real, evidence-based solutions.
Working across the areas of planning, design, policy, heritage, valuations, transactions, economics and research, the expert team at Urbis connect their clients in the public and private sectors to a better outcome, every time.
The Opportunity
The continued growth of Urbis means we are looking for a motivated and energised professional SharePoint Developer to join our National IT team. We are looking for a motivated and proactive team player who is keen to further develop their career in a friendly,
 fast paced and diverse environment.
About You
As the SharePoint Developer your responsibilities will include:

Extending SharePoint out-of-the-box capabilities by developing custom tools, interfaces, and applications using JavaScript, jQuery, CSS, HTML, .NETDevelopment of? Apps and bespoke project specifications using the Microsoft SharePoint Development toolkitParticipating in the collection of user requirements and solution designDeveloping and maintaining SharePoint workflows and support the development of internal controls and processes to improve business operations
You will be expected to have at least 3-5 years of relevant technical experience and possess the following competencies:

Experience in SharePoint Client Side Object Model (CSOM) and SharePoint REST APIWorking knowledge in SharePoint Designer and Visual StudioAdvanced knowledge of JavaScript/jQuery, CSS, HTML, C# and .NETFormal qualifications in Computer Science, Engineering, or related disciplineAbility to build rapport with team members and clients to develop quality solutions
Why Urbis?
Working for Urbis means working with individuals who are passionate about what they do. It’s a place where you are encouraged to share your ideas in a professional but friendly office environment. To find out more about us visit our website at www.urbis.com.au/careers.
Urbis is a firm that truly values its people and provides a broad range of benefits which include a competitive remuneration package, salary continuance insurance, regular social activities, health and wellbeing programs and ongoing training and professional
 development opportunities.
Urbis is committed to fostering a work environment that is inclusive, supports flexibility, and welcomes diversity. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.
How to apply?
If you are an enthusiastic candidate, with the desire to become part of a driven and highly professional team, click on “Apply for this job” or call Emma Smith, Human Resources Manager on 02 8233 9974. Applications close 6 August 2017.
Recruitment Agencies - thank you for thinking of us.  We do endeavour to fill our opportunities through direct channels wherever possible, however, if we find that we do need agency assistance, we’ll be in touch.If you love JavaScript and are feeling underused, think about moving somewhere that's delivering some of the best mobile work in Australia.
Creative Licence Digital is a multi-award winning mobile development studio in sunny Sydney. We have a great reputation within Australia as leaders in web platforms across multiple devices.
You will be working with leading edge technology in an environment where innovation is everywhere.
You will work on a great stack across a variety of industries which means you are exposed to a host of different projects, all of which have their challenges and unique solutions for you to uncover. We are a small office with a big presence - we have a sister
 office in NYC and all of our clients are multinationals.
You'll demonstrate your ability to learn quickly and utilise new technologies to build successful products and solutions. Importantly, you'll have fun along the way whilst learning an immense amount from a team of passionate and innovative senior developers.
In terms of experience, ideally we are looking for someone with:
-    Expert JavaScript skills, NodeJS, MV* frameworks (Backbone, React, ES6, TypeScript)
-    Solid understanding of OO concepts and JS design patterns.
-    Be able to architect NodeJS back-end services and front-end frameworks.
-    Knowledge of non-relational databases (MongoDB)
-    Strong HTML, CSS understanding (CSS Preprocessors, SASS, Jade(Pug))
-    Knowledge of CI Tools and build process (Grunt, Gulp, Code Deploy, Unit tests, etc.)
-    Ensure the technical feasibility of designs and business requirements.
-    Optimise applications for maximum speed and scalability
-    Knowledge of SEO an advantage
-    AWS knowledge and advantage.
-   Ubuntu, nginx configuration and deployment knowledge an advantage.
 
Why work at Creative Licence?
• You will be exposed to a variety of projects. You won't get bored here working on or iterating on the same code base. Every month or so it's a different client, new team, new challenge.
• CLD is just one of a handful of companies recognised in Australia as a member of the Apple Consultants Network - you will enjoy a close relationship with Telco's and device manufacturers.
• We are professional and yet very fun with some of the most talented team in the mobile business.
• We have a great office vibe with casual dress, music and Friday afternoon drinks. We are located on Manly beach, only 18mins from Circular Quay (centre of Sydney) via ferry.
Our work receives rave reviews. We have seen countless Mobie's and have been an AIMIA finalist.
Check out #cldmanly and #cldnyc on Instagram to see what the team gets up to.Front End Developer
      
      THE POSITION 

MECCA Brands has a growing focus in the eCommerce area, providing a new opportunity for an experienced Front End Developer. This role is instrumental in providing advanced solutions for our eCommerce site and related digital marketing campaigns.

Reporting to our Senior Front End Developer and working closely with our dedicated Digital team, the Front End Developer will be responsible for conceiving, planning, developing and deploying a cutting edge eCommerce web experience.

Key responsibilities include:

Write standards-compliant code including testing/debugging in multiple browsers and platforms
Work with visual and UX designers to translate visual concepts into functional online experiences, microsites, HTML emails and other digital media
Ability to take graphic files and translate them into functional experiences on web and mobile platforms
Participate in the functional requirement definitions for new or modified applications
Work closely with internal development and design teams to ensure flawless integration with back-end technology and a great user experience
Maintain clear and effective communications with all internal and external stakeholders during and after project completion ensuring features are delivered on time and in high quality
Provide assistance, identification and technical analysis for incident troubleshooting


THE PERFECT PROFILE 

Our ideal Front End Developer will have several years experience in writing custom HTML, CSS and Javascript, as well as an understanding in concepts of progressive enhancement, mobile first and future friendly design. We live and breathe our values and do whatever
 it takes to embrace a positive and energetic culture, so are looking for like-minded people who have: 

Tertiary qualification in Computer Science or Information Systems Experience working with creative UI & UX teams Efficient HTML5, CSS3 skills; W3C standards and SEO principles Understanding of Responsive Design, Bootstrap experience a plus Use of Javascript Libraries and Franeworks, such as jQuery and proficiency in Javascript code
Experience with ReactJS and/or AngularJS a plus Understanding of mobile and web-based design constraints, editors, browser platforms and their differences - along with the experience to develop and code accordingly
Experience in Adobe Creative Suite Experience with eCommerce websites  

ABOUT  US

At MECCA Brands we bring customers the best in global beauty across our four retail concepts: MECCA Cosmetica, MECCA Maxima, MECCA in Myer and mecca.com.au. Together we offer an exclusive edit of over 100 brands, paired with exceptional customer service and
 beauty expertise within each retail environment. 

We are in the business of delivering happiness to our employees, our customers and the broader community and we love to acknowledge each employees contribution to our success. From quarterly product allowances, unlimited 40% discount and free products, through
 to reward and recognition programs, development programs, and health and wellbeing initiatives, we promise you our unique company culture will constantly surprise and delight you - we will never be finished in making MECCA Brands the best place to work!Front End Web Developer
      
      
        Permanent Opportunity
        
        Negotiable depending on experience 
        
        CBD
        
      
      

The Company
Our client is seeking an experienced Web developer to join them on permanent basis to assist with the development of new applications. They are looking for a creative and enthusiastic developer who has previous experience working in a busy and high pressured
 position.

The Role
Your responsibilities as the successful Web Developer will include (But not limited to):

Designing, coding, testing, debugging, documenting and supporting front-end and back-end web applications.Participate in different phases of the SDLC, from gathering and documenting requirements, design/development, performing unit/system testing and documenting test results, and implementationNew development and enhancementsMake recommendations to the team related to design methodologies and toolsets

Your Profile
To succeed in this role as a Web Developer, you will have following skills and experience:

5 Years web application development experienceExperience with MVC.Net, CSS, MVVM, C# and ORM (Entity Framework), Bootstrap, Javascript, KnockoutJSSome knowledge of WCF Web ServicesAlso desirable would be SpecFlow BDD Testing FrameworkExcellent communication skillsBased in PerthAble to start immediately

Apply Today
To apply for the role as the Web Developer please send your resume by clicking on the apply button. Learn more about our Perth recruitment services: http://www.roberthalf.com.au/recruitment-agency-perth

      
       Interested in advice on everything career, recruitment and work-life
        balance related? Check out our blog: www.roberthalf.com.au/blog 
      
        . 
        Apply through email by clicking the 
        'Apply Now' button below.,GetSwift is a fast-growing, cloud-based delivery and logistics SaaS, that enables business owners to automatically dispatch like Uber, track like Dominos, optimise routes like FedEx, as well as manage the delivery of goods and mobile workforces.
The company is well-funded (recently closed a $24M round) and listed on the ASX in 2016. Our software is used in 65 countries and across 60+ industries, and our clients include companies like Pizza Hut, Little Caesars Pizza, Lion Nathan, Commonwealth Bank
 of Australia, Mitre10, Just Eat, and Red Rooster to name a few.
We're not just looking for a frontend developer, we're looking for someone who is prepared to get involved, bring in fresh ideas, and is enthusiastic about working alongside us to build high quality, high performance software. We pride ourselves on having
 the most stable, secure, and scalable software on the market, and your success will directly correspond to your ability to take our architectural design and performance to the next level!
Can you handle it? Can you pass the interview? Ready to start right away? So are we - our hiring process is fast, nimble and to the point. After interviewing you we will let you know within days if you got the gig - no drawn out dramas or silence from us!
 Let's get this party started:
SOME OF THE PROJECTS YOU WOULD BE WORKING ON ARE:

Implementing new UX/UI projects across web & mobile  A B testing  Complex logistics routing and tracking UX/UI  Complex business intelligence interfaces
SOME SKILLS THAT WILL MAKE YOUR JOB EASIER:
We're hiring at all levels of the stack, but we'd be particularly interested in frontend developers. The main requirement is that you're self-motivated and able to learn quickly. Please let us know your experience with the following, being strong in any
 of these areas will help you stand out:

HTML  CSS  Javascript/Angular/React  CSS Frameworks  Javascript Frameworks  Responsive web design  Comfortable learning new stacks  Test automation  Android/iOS  Git
We offer a very competitive salary package (they all say that), a great work environment (we mean it), and the opportunity to work for a successful software company with an entrepreneurial culture. Our experienced and agile team members are keen to work
 with you to create a cutting-edge product. But above all else we offer you new experiences, the ability to pick up new skills along with freedom and respect!
TO BE SUCCESSFUL IN YOUR APPLICATION MAKE SURE YOU:

Actually have read the full advert  Put some thought into your cover letter. If it's a form letter it will be identified right away. Beware our mighty screening algorithm! They are a human being so try to be creative. 
Already have the right to work in United States;
Please let us know:

Who you are and why you think you fit the requirements - bonus points for thinking out of the box 
Why this role interests you  Github account or any other publicly available code  What can you do for us and what can we do for you?  An indication of the salary package you are looking for and  How we can help you grow
BENEFITS:
Respect, freedom, and knowledge - work with some of the best global talent around.

The gift of time! Promotions, raises, etc based on outcomes not tenure.  End of year bonuses  Employee share options  Travel - exceed your yearly goals, get a trip to Hawaii or Bali for a week. We will even throw in some spending money, so you can do it in style. 
Being able to kick some serious gluteus maximus and be proud of it  Computer, monitors, and any other gear that may be needed  Our secured offices in Melbourne & Manhattan are close to great public transport, and is clean, sunny, temperature controlled. 
Did we mention we are foodies? Yeah we love going out as a team after serious wins and enjoying some amazing dining. 
Seeing your product deployed globally with some of the largest brands
Please send your resume and cover letter to apply for this role to: talent@getswift.co
Good luck!DevOps Engineer. Consulting Firm. HUGE CI/CD PROJECTS. AWS. Docker/Bamboo. CBD
      
      
      
      
        Huge CI/CD Projects
        
        Massive training budget for CERTS
        
        Great Team, Leadership and Modern Offices
        
      
      
Are you looking for the next step in you career and to work at a firm that values in employees and has excellent hands on leaders? 
 
Are you looking to enhance your skills and work on huge DevOps projects using the latest cloud technology?
 
Are you sick of the red tape in your current company and looking to be part of exciting new projects for enterprise clients and implement a DevOps, CI/CD and Automation environment?
   
They Are:
 
A fantastic, reputable and truly technology focused Consulting Firm who is looking for an a DevOps Engineer. They work with the latest technology across a variety of different automation projects. 
   
An Award winging firm that has grown year-on-year. They feature a relaxed but professional business style and believe heavily in the ongoing training and development of staff. They have modern offices in the heart of the CBD, an open kitchen with snacks
 provided and a beer/drinks fridge and a coffee machine.
   

The role: 

   
This a is DevOps Engineering role with a focus on automation projects working in a DevOps environment. This role will be client facing and will require you have both a troubleshooting and consultative mindset. 
 
The DevOps Solutions Consultant will have an excellent grasp of cloud computing technologies, development frameworks (such Agile, Scrum, Kanban), and cloud application design strategies. You will be strong team players, and be comfortable working collaboratively
 with front-line Sales, Pre-Sales Solution Engineers and Architects and Project Managers.
    

Technical experience required:


At least 2 years experience working as a DevOps Engineer  Experience working with CI/CD pipeline  Solid skills with Docker, Kubernetes, Bamboo, AWS have worked with the Atlassian Stack (JIRA, Confluence etc)
JavaScript and Python Skills  Test Automation Experience will be Highly regarded  Experience Automating QA functions  Any skills with other DevOps tools will also be highly regarded but not essential (BitBucket, Jenkins, Ansible, Puppet etc)

Please contact Max at Northbridge IT Sydney for this role by clicking APPLY NOW below. 
    
Max Mann
Northbridge IT Recruitment
9-13 Young Street, Sydney
Mobile: 0449 790 116
Landline 02-9037 4050 
max@nbridgeit.com
   

Please connect with Max on LinkedIn 

www.linkedin.com/in/maximilian-mann-736aba112

 

For this and other opportunities please visit: 

www.northbridgerecruitment.com

      
      www.northbridgerecruitment.com
        
        Northbridge IT | Development | Business Services | Enterprise Solutions | Infrastructure
        
        Get There, Go North!Mid Level Android Developer
        
        
Android Developer
Sydney, Australia

A high profile media outlet in Sydney are seeking a Mid Level Android Developer with 2 years commercial experience to join the team on a permanent basis. The team consists of Android, iOS and multi-platform developers working together in an extremely agile
 and progressive environment.

Tools & Tech & Specification

Experience with developing Android applications from scratch and maintenance of existing applicationsExperience programming in Java with excellent OO designExperience with integrating with social media APIs and other 3rd party libraries into Android applicationsExcellent Android SDK knowledge is essentialExperience in the use of standard web technologies such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript and data formats such as XML and JSONExperience with RESTful web services
If you satisfy the criteria, please apply today and we'll give you a call within 24 hours!


For further details or a confidential conversation, please contact me directly, I am happy to schedule calls via e-mail.:

Chris Sarris
Consultant - Hydrogen Group
Tel: +61 (0)414 208 555
chrissarris@hydrogengroup.com
Hydrogen UK Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.

        
        Hydrogen Group
          Level 17, 9 Castlereagh Street, Sydney, NSW 2000Platform QA Developer
      
      
Bench is an advanced programmatic platform developed for marketers who crave simplicity but don't want to sacrifice media performance. Nominated in Deloittes Tech Fast 50, Bench has grown significantly in recent years. We are now seeking talented individuals
 with a passion for data who want to join an established company with a true entrepreneurial spirit.
The role
We are seeking a confident Platform Developer to work with a team of data scientists, developers and programmers who are working on the next stage of our Campaign Management Platform.
The responsibilities

Designing and developing internal and external technology systems  Test, QA and resolve issues across all system including creation of automated testing tools
Implementation of changes across the entire technology stack and integration with multiple systems
Ensure risk mitigation and contingency planning for all operational systems Meet scope, budget, timeline and quality for all deliverables Efficiently identify and solves development issues. Communicate and manage expectation of all stakeholders Adopt continuous learning and improvement processes in all aspects of the position.
The skills

Intermediate knowledge in web languages - HTML, CSS, JavaScript Intermediate knowledge in web design tools - Adobe Suite (Photoshop, InDesign)
Highly proficient in Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Experience in developing and administrator of information systems including CRM systems (preferably Salesforce
Strong communication and negotiation skills  Highly organised, proactive, confident and assertive character
Apply today! Ensure you attach a resume and cover letter describing your abilities, experience and why you would be a great choice for this role Attn Shai Luft.

      
      www.benchplatform.com
Phone : 02 8412 3600GetSwift is a fast-growing, cloud-based delivery and logistics SaaS, that enables business owners to automatically dispatch like Uber, track like Dominos, optimise routes like FedEx, as well as manage the delivery of goods and mobile workforces.
The company is well-funded (recently closed a $24M round) and listed on the ASX in 2016. Our software is used in 65 countries and across 60+ industries, and our clients include companies like Pizza Hut, Little Caesars Pizza, Lion Nathan, Commonwealth Bank
 of Australia, Mitre10, Just Eat, and Red Rooster to name a few.
We're not just looking for a senior backend engineer, we're looking for someone who is prepared to get involved, bring in fresh ideas, and is enthusiastic about working alongside us to build high quality, high performance software. We pride ourselves on
 having the most stable, secure, and scalable software on the market, and your success will directly correspond to your ability to take our architectural design and performance to the next level!
Can you handle it? Can you pass the interview and code test? Ready to start right away? So are we - our hiring process is fast, nimble and to the point. After interviewing you we will let you know within days if you got the gig - no drawn out dramas or silence
 from us! Let's get this party started:
SOME OF THE PROJECTS YOU WOULD BE WORKING ON ARE:

Connecting partner platforms to the GetSwift platform using the GetSwift API 
Enhancing our current cloud-based microservices architecture
SOME SKILLS THAT WILL MAKE YOUR JOB EASIER:
We're hiring at all levels of the stack, but we'd be particularly interested in backend engineers who specialise in Rest API integrations across many different platforms. The main requirement is that you're self-motivated and able to learn quickly. Please
 let us know your experience with the following, being strong in any of these areas will help you stand out:

Experience scaling high-volume, distributed applications with hard real-time requirements 
Javascript/Angular/React  Python/R  Comfortable learning new stacks  C# (functional style, dependency injection, SOLID etc)  AWS and cloud in general  Kafka/messaging  CI, build pipelines, docker, kubernetes, etc  Test automation  Android/iOS  Git
We offer a very competitive salary package (they all say that), a great work environment (we mean it), and the opportunity to work for a successful software company with an entrepreneurial culture. Our experienced and agile team members are keen to work
 with you to create a cutting-edge product. But above all else we offer you new experiences, the ability to pick up new skills along with freedom and respect!
TO BE SUCCESSFUL IN YOUR APPLICATION MAKE SURE YOU:

Actually have read the full advert  Put some thought into your cover letter. If it's a form letter it will be identified right away. Beware our mighty screening algorithm! They are a human being so try to be creative. 
Already have the right to work in United States or Australia;
Please let us know:

Who you are and why you think you fit the requirements - bonus points for thinking out of the box 
Why this role interests you  Github account or any other publicly available code  What can you do for us and what can we do for you?  An indication of the salary package you are looking for and  How we can help you grow
BENEFITS:
Respect, freedom, and knowledge - work with some of the best global talent around.

The gift of time! Promotions, raises, etc based on outcomes not tenure.  End of year bonuses  Employee share options  Travel - exceed your yearly goals, get a trip to Hawaii or Bali for a week. We will even throw in some spending money, so you can do it in style. 
Being able to kick some serious gluteus maximus and be proud of it  Computer, monitors, and any other gear that may be needed  Our secure office in Melbourne & Manhattan are both close to great public transport, and is clean, sunny, temperature controlled. 
Did we mention we are foodies? Yeah we love going out as a team after serious wins and enjoying some amazing dining. 
Seeing your product deployed globally with some of the largest brands
Please send your resume and cover letter to apply for this role to: talent@getswift.co
Good luck!Junior Technical Consultant - HTML/CSS/Java
    
    
Client
One of the fastest growing technology vendors in the APAC at the moment. Awesome culture of passionate, switched on people looking to knowledge share and embrace cutting edge tech.
Our client provides a SaaS platform which drives insights from complex data. Fresh to Sydney, this leader in innovative tech in the space is set to take off in APAC over next 18 months.
Your jaw will drop when you see their state of the art offices and Sydney Harbour views!

Here's a snapshot of their growth:

Currently 85 people in Sydney office - set to grow to 200 in the next 12 months. 
The company received over $220 million in venture capital. Company is valued at $1 billion and on track to hit $2 billion over the next 12-24 months.
Consultant

Work with clients to ensure software integrates effectively with their existing systems
Understand client business environment and objectives and translate into technical plan
Project manage implementation to ensure clients are on-boarded within the right time frames
Provide hands on configuration to get clients customisations up and running Provide deep product expertise to clients  Hybrid role between implementation consultant and a developer
 
You must have:

1+ yrs relevant corporate experience MINIMUM Must have a completed Bachelor's degree in a technical field (information systems, computer science, statistics etc)
MUST have professional experience with web - based technologies such as HTML/CSS and JavaScript. Nice to haves are Chrome Developer Tools or web inspector tools as well as SQL
Superb communication skills (speak fluent English - enthusiastic, energetic and builds strong relationships) Will be speaking to clients. 
Work in Australia with no restrictions - must have PR/Citizenship. No flexibility on this unfortunately. 

If this sounds like you, please apply today.IT Graduate
    
    
Client
One of the fastest growing technology vendors in the APAC at the moment. Awesome culture of passionate, switched on people looking to knowledge share and embrace cutting edge tech.
Our client provides a SaaS platform which drives insights from complex data. Fresh to Sydney, this leader in innovative tech in the space is set to take off in APAC over next 18 months.
Check out some pics of their offices here! 
http://www.themartec.com
 
You: 

Relevant working experience (may be whilst studying) in a technical capacity 
Must have a completed Bachelor's degree in a technical field (information systems, computer science, statistics etc)
MUST have professional experience with web - based technologies such as HTML/CSS and JavaScript
Superb communication skills (speak fluent English - enthusiastic, energetic and builds strong relationships) 
Work in Australia with no restrictions - must have PR/Citizenship. No flexibility on this unfortunately. 
 
Here's a snapshot of their growth:

Currently 50 people in Sydney office - set to grow 10 fold over next 2 years The company received over $220 million in venture capital. Company is valued at $1 billion and on track to hit $2 billion over the next 12-24 months.
 
Role 

Work with clients to ensure software integrates effectively with their existing systems
Understand client business environment and objectives and translate into technical plan
Project manage implementation to ensure clients are on-boarded within the right time frames
Provide hands on configuration to get client customisations up and running Provide deep product expertise to clients  Hybrid role between implementation consultant and a developer
 
We are the exclusive recruitment partner for this company - please send your resume through hear more about the role:Urgent requirement for a Systems Analyst / Developer 
    
    
On behalf of my clients I am urgently looking for an experienced SQL Systems Analyst / Developer.
The role will be based form my clients offices in Sydney and is being offered as an initial 3 month contract however view of extension beyond this is highly likely.
As the Systems Analyst / Developer you will be working as part of the BI Team but will be required to report on multiples areas of the business.
To be considered for this role my clients are looking for somebody with the following skills / experience:



Highly experienced with the maintenance, clean and support of BI systems.(ESSENTIAL)Highly skilled in database development as well as skilled in fixing database and reporting issues that may arise.MS SQL (ESSENTIAL)Qlik View (ESSENTIAL)VB net and C Sharp (ESSENTIAL)Standard .net coding (ESSENTIAL)Standard HTML / JavaScript coding (ESSENTIAL)String problems solving and troubleshooting capabilitiesGood negotiation skillsDue to the nature of the role candidates must have excellent communication skills (both written and verbal)
My clients are looking at holding interview for this role tomorrow with a view to getting somebody started as soon as Monday.
If you have the aforementioned skills and would like to be considered please forward me a copy of your updated CV for immediate consideration.




















.
Sthree Australia is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.Junior Technical Consultant - Multiple Roles
    
    
Client
One of the fastest growing technology vendors in the APAC at the moment. Awesome culture of passionate, switched on people looking to knowledge share and embrace cutting edge tech.
Our client provides a SaaS platform which drives insights from complex data. Fresh to Sydney, this leader in innovative tech in the space is set to take off in APAC over next 18 months.
Your jaw will drop when you see their state of the art offices and Sydney Harbour views!

Here's a snapshot of their growth:

Currently 85 people in Sydney office - set to grow to 200 in the next 12 months. 
The company received over $220 million in venture capital. Company is valued at $1 billion and on track to hit $2 billion over the next 12-24 months.
Consultant

Work with clients to ensure software integrates effectively with their existing systems
Understand client business environment and objectives and translate into technical plan
Project manage implementation to ensure clients are on-boarded within the right time frames
Provide hands on configuration to get clients customisations up and running Provide deep product expertise to clients  Hybrid role between implementation consultant and a developer
 
You must have:

1+ yrs relevant corporate experience MINIMUM Must have a completed Bachelor's degree in a technical field (information systems, computer science, statistics etc)
MUST have professional experience with web - based technologies such as HTML/CSS and JavaScript. Nice to have are Chrome Developer Tools or web inspector tools as well as SQL
Being multilingual is always a plus! Superb communication skills (speak fluent English - enthusiastic, energetic and builds strong relationships) Will be speaking to clients. 
Work in Australia with no restrictions - must have PR/Citizenship. No flexibility on this unfortunately. 

If this sounds like you, please apply today.GetSwift is a fast-growing, cloud-based delivery and logistics SaaS, that enables business owners to automatically dispatch like Uber, track like Dominos, optimise routes like FedEx, as well as manage the delivery of goods and mobile workforces.
The company is well-funded (recently closed a $24M round) and listed on the ASX in 2016. Our software is used in 65 countries and across 60+ industries, and our clients include companies like Pizza Hut, Little Caesars Pizza, Lion Nathan, Commonwealth Bank
 of Australia, Mitre10, Just Eat, and Red Rooster to name a few.
We're not just looking for a senior engineer, we're looking for someone who is prepared to get involved, bring in fresh ideas, and is enthusiastic about working alongside us to build high quality, high performance software. We pride ourselves on having the
 most stable, secure, and scalable software on the market, and your success will directly correspond to your ability to take our architectural design and performance to the next level!
Can you handle it? Can you pass the interview and code test? Ready to start right away? So are we - our hiring process is fast, nimble and to the point. After interviewing you we will let you know within days if you got the gig - no drawn out dramas or silence
 from us! Let's get this party started:
SOME OF THE PROJECTS YOU WOULD BE WORKING ON ARE:

Cutting-edge delivery dispatching systems to help large enterprises automate their entire dispatching process 
Complex routing, distribution and allocation systems to ensure our customers can save on fuel, vehicle maintenance and driver time out on the road, adding millions in savings to our customers each year 
Data analytics and modelling to help our client make better decisions  Real-time delivery tracking and mapping projects  Optimising end to end delivery algorithms  Enhancing our current cloud-based microservices architecture
SOME SKILLS THAT WILL MAKE YOUR JOB EASIER:
We're hiring at all levels of the stack, but we'd be particularly interested in full-stack engineers. The main requirement is that you're self-motivated and able to learn quickly. Please let us know your experience with the following, being strong in any
 of these areas will help you stand out:

Experience scaling high-volume, distributed applications with hard real-time requirements 
Javascript/Angular/React  Python/R  Comfortable learning new stacks  C# (functional style, dependency injection, SOLID etc)  AWS and cloud in general  Kafka/messaging  CI, build pipelines, docker, kubernetes, etc  Test automation  Frontend web development  Android/iOS  Git
We offer a very competitive salary package (they all say that), a great work environment (we mean it), and the opportunity to work for a successful software company with an entrepreneurial culture. Our experienced and agile team members are keen to work
 with you to create a cutting-edge product. But above all else we offer you new experiences, the ability to pick up new skills along with freedom and respect!
TO BE SUCCESSFUL IN YOUR APPLICATION MAKE SURE YOU:

Actually have read the full advert  Put some thought into your cover letter. If it's a form letter it will be identified right away. Beware our mighty screening algorithm! They are a human being so try to be creative. 
Already have the right to work in United States or Australia;
Please let us know:

Who you are and why you think you fit the requirements - bonus points for thinking out of the box 
Why this role interests you  Github account or any other publicly available code  What can you do for us and what can we do for you?  An indication of the salary package you are looking for and  How we can help you grow
BENEFITS:
Respect, freedom, and knowledge - work with some of the best global talent around.

The gift of time! Promotions, raises, etc based on outcomes not tenure.  End of year bonuses  Employee share options  Travel - exceed your yearly goals, get a trip to Hawaii or Bali for a week. We will even throw in some spending money, so you can do it in style. 
Being able to kick some serious gluteus maximus and be proud of it  Computer, monitors, and any other gear that may be needed  Our secure offices in Melbourne & New York City are close to great public transport, and is clean, sunny, temperature controlled. 
Did we mention we are foodies? Yeah we love going out as a team after serious wins and enjoying some amazing dining. 
Seeing your product deployed globally with some of the largest brands
Please send your resume and cover letter to apply for this role to: talent@getswift.co
Good luck!A bit about us....
We are a Salesforce Platinum partner and live and breathe Salesforce! If you are a salesforce guru, we want you to join our team. Our Melbourne team just keep winning work so we are growing rapidly. We are looking for people to join our team who are excited
 and energised by helping us grow and who love working in a team of smart people who pride themselves on creativity and collaboration.
We are currently looking for a Technical Salesforce Professional. Our Senior Developers are some of the luckiest in the world. They work with the smartest people in the industry and get to create applications so incredible that they amaze the teams at salesforce.com.
What you will be responsible for...
●  Build beautiful user centric solutions
●  Working with salesforce.com, Apex and Visualforce on a daily basis, ideally with Communities aswell. 
●  Working as part of a project team to meet and exceed client expectations
●  Implementing, configuring and enhancing Salesforce solutions
●  Working with clients on a daily basis to understand requirements and ensure accuracy of code
●  Working with architectural principles and design patterns with best practice in mind at all times
A bit about your background...
●  2-5 years + experience in Development
●  Experienced in Apex, Visualforce and SOQL
●  Experience working in an Agile project environment
●  Strong written and verbal communication skills
●  Ability to translate customer requirements into implementation plans
●  DEV401 and DEV501 or a desire to achieve it
And if you really want to show off....
● HTML, CSS and JavaScript
● Mulesoft
● Skuid
● Client-facing experience
Sound like just the job for you. Please apply now, or contact Alicia Lykos for more information. (alicia.lykos@tquilaanz.com)Junior Technical Consultant - Multiple Roles
    
    
Client
One of the fastest growing technology vendors in the APAC at the moment. Awesome culture of passionate, switched on people looking to knowledge share and embrace cutting edge tech.
Our client provides a SaaS platform which drives insights from complex data. Fresh to Sydney, this leader in innovative tech in the space is set to take off in APAC over next 18 months.
Your jaw will drop when you see their state of the art offices and Sydney Harbour views!

Here's a snapshot of their growth:

Currently 85 people in Sydney office - set to grow to 200 in the next 12 months. 
The company received over $220 million in venture capital. Company is valued at $1 billion and on track to hit $2 billion over the next 12-24 months.
Consultant

Work with clients to ensure software integrates effectively with their existing systems
Understand client business environment and objectives and translate into technical plan
Project manage implementation to ensure clients are on-boarded within the right time frames
Provide hands on configuration to get clients customisations up and running Provide deep product expertise to clients  Hybrid role between implementation consultant and a developer
 
You must have:

1+ yrs relevant corporate experience MINIMUM Must have a completed Bachelor's degree in a technical field (information systems, computer science, statistics etc)
MUST have professional experience with web - based technologies such as HTML/CSS and JavaScript. Nice to have are Chrome Developer Tools or web inspector tools as well as SQL
Being multilingual is always a plus! Superb communication skills (speak fluent English - enthusiastic, energetic and builds strong relationships) Will be speaking to clients. 
Work in Australia with no restrictions - must have PR/Citizenship. No flexibility on this unfortunately. 

If this sounds like you, please apply today.IT Graduate
    
    
Client
One of the fastest growing technology vendors in the APAC at the moment. Awesome culture of passionate, switched on people looking to knowledge share and embrace cutting edge tech.
Our client provides a SaaS platform which drives insights from complex data. Fresh to Sydney, this leader in innovative tech in the space is set to take off in APAC over next 18 months.
Check out some pics of their offices here! 
http://www.themartec.com
 
You: 

Relevant working experience (may be whilst studying) in a technical capacity 
Must have a completed Bachelor's degree in a technical field (information systems, computer science, statistics etc)
MUST have professional experience with web - based technologies such as HTML/CSS and JavaScript
Superb communication skills (speak fluent English - enthusiastic, energetic and builds strong relationships) 
Work in Australia with no restrictions - must have PR/Citizenship. No flexibility on this unfortunately. 
 
Here's a snapshot of their growth:

Currently 50 people in Sydney office - set to grow 10 fold over next 2 years The company received over $220 million in venture capital. Company is valued at $1 billion and on track to hit $2 billion over the next 12-24 months.
 
Role 

Work with clients to ensure software integrates effectively with their existing systems
Understand client business environment and objectives and translate into technical plan
Project manage implementation to ensure clients are on-boarded within the right time frames
Provide hands on configuration to get client customisations up and running Provide deep product expertise to clients  Hybrid role between implementation consultant and a developer
 
We are the exclusive recruitment partner for this company - please send your resume through hear more about the role:Microsoft Dynamics 365 Functional Consultant
      
      
Datacom has over 50 years' history providing industry-leading IT solutions and services to some of Australasia's largest organisations, and our continuing growth is testament to this longevity and quiet success.
Our core DNA is about being professional and practical, pragmatic in our approach to work, innovative in our use of technologies, and always staying relevant to the local market in how we design and deliver services to our clients.
As a partner to our customers, employees and suppliers, we strive to be professional, collaborative, quality focused, and looking to create mutual success for all parties. We readily embrace change and regularly demonstrate corporate adaptability, helping
 to build relationships that enable us to truly achieve our customer's business objectives.
We currently have an exciting opportunity for an individual who is seeking a new challenge and who can bring their own breadth of skill to complement our current team
We are significantly expanding our Australian practice due to the large level of current work we have a number of opportunities.
Purpose of the role
The functional consultant role is focussed on delivering successful technical engagements and allied services to satisfy the requirements of our customers, through pre and post-sale activities, the development of new projects, change requests, support and
 maintenance tasks.
Duties and responsibilities: 
The Microsoft Dynamics 365 Functional Consultant is responsible for:

Providing analysis and diagnosis services to our customers. Provision of functional/technical knowledge in relation to designing and delivering software development solutions
Prioritisation and planning to achieve outstanding customer satisfaction though consistent delivery practices.
Developing, configuring and delivering solutions that meet our customer's needs.
Skills and Qualifications: 
Essential:

Software Application Lifecycle Experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365 (CRM or AX) Release Management Iteration Management Ability to adapt and learn quickly  Ability to work well with a team Ability to work autonomously and collaboratively Excellent communication skills and ability to interact with clients in a professional manner
Ability to develop clear functional and technical documentation Strong organisational and prioritising abilities Scope, quality and change management Leadership of a team of software developers  Implementation of large CRM/AX solutions Degree or equivalent work experience combined with a minimum of 7 years relevant working experience including expertise in solution architecture as well as business solutions deployment with an emphasis on CRM/AX applications
A minimum of 3 years of design and development experience using MS Dynamics CRM/AX.
Experience with project methodologies and frameworks including SureStep.
Desirable:

Understanding of Agile Software Development Methodology Understanding of marketing, sales and service business processes. JavaScript Coding background – C# and/or Java  Flexibility and a preparedness to do what is necessary to get the job done  Modelling tools e.g. Sparx EA People and team management Broad industry experience and competitive application knowledge are beneficial.
This is an excellent opportunity to be part of a successful growing company with career potential and a professional environment that will engage and inspire you.  You must have the right to work and live in Australia to be considered for this role. All
 applications will be handled in strictest confidence, if this sounds like you please APPLY now. Please note we will be in touch should you be shortlistedJunior or Mid Software Engineer | Learn Invaluable Skills @ Cloud SaaS Leader
      
      
      
      
        Leading cloud based SaaS platform; Build your tech skills across Java, JS, Scala
        
        Graduates with Computer Science degrees encouraged to apply
        
        Structured career skill development program; True engineering culture
        
      
      My client, an innovative start-up changing the way data is presented online, is currently looking for 2 Junior or Mid Level Software Engineers. 

The company can offer beautiful and modern Sydney CBD based offices with standing desks (if you wish), state of the art facilities and a dress for you day policy in a culture that can offer one of the strongest staff retention rates in the industry. 

This role will allow you the opportunity to build cool tools and products and hone your skills with a highly talented team of software engineers.


To be successful in this role you must be an enthusiastic learner with a thirst to acquire skills with the latest technologies and frameworks.


The role can provide the opportunity to join a genuine software engineering culture that achieves results through best practice approaches such as TDD and CI / CD.

Essential skills
At least backend language such as Java, Grails, PHP, RoR  
1-3 Years' Commercial Development experience
Proven OO programming skills
HTML, CSS, Javascript
Passion for learning 
Linux 

If you have an account with Stackoverflow or Github then please send through a link to your profile or any code samples you have to strengthen your application.

If you feel you have the above skills and would be interested in being considered for this position then please apply with your most up to date CV for consideration.
      
      Naviro Pty Ltd
        Level 12, 234 George Street
        Sydney NSW 2000 
        Joe CronlyMelbourne CBD based Multi award winning ASX listed technology company Highly capable team; interesting projects
MNF Group is one of Asia-Pacific's fastest growing technology companies. Listed on the ASX since 2006, it is now capitalized at over $300M, and twice winner of the Forbes Asia-Pacific "Best under a Billion" award.
 
Headquartered in Sydney, Australia, the company employs approximately 320 people located across Asia-Pacific, Europe and North America.
 
MNF develops and operates a global communications network and software suite enabling some of the world's leading innovators to deliver new-generation communications solutions. As the world moves to IP, MNF Group is building the brands, services, network and
 technology to lead the way.
We are currently looking to appoint a Lead Software Engineer to join our office in Melbourne CBD.
Working within a highly capable team, you will work on major projects relating to one of our award winning products.
Day to day you will... 

Provide leadership, development and feedback to direct reports Coach and mentor the team in performance and behaviours Manage any performance matters effectively with Software Team Manager and HR Manage team workload and allocation of work Devise and develop new functionalities Participate in daily stand-ups Participate in regular peer code reviews
The Opportunity...

Join a fast-growing, multi award winning company Contribute to the continued build of successful and disruptive products Work closely with a talented team
You will have...

An IT related degree At least 10 years commercial development experience At least 2 years experience in a Team Lead or Team Management role Solid and broad knowledge of Object Oriented programming concepts Solid web development and/or mobile app development experience Excellent JavaScript skills, along with a strong knowledge of C# and/or React
Extensive Agile experience (preferably a SCRUM Master) Excellent communication skills (written and verbal)
And this will set you apart...

Telecommunications experience
This is a permanent position
 
Advice
We are as interested in you as we are your experience. Whilst you will need to satisfy the requirements for your application to be successful, what will set you apart is your attitude and personality. Feel free to supply additional material over and above
 your CV if you think it will help your cause.
Feel free to connect with me on LinkedIn - https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrewstevensmilne 
MNF is an equal opportunity employer. All applications will be treated with the strictest confidentiality. No recruiters please.
To learn more about us go to www.mnfgroup.limitedEntry level Implementation Consultant
    
    
Client
Fastest growing software vendor who are doubling in profits and head count year on year!
Our client provides a SaaS platform which drives insights from complex data. Fresh to Sydney, this leader in innovative tech in the space is set to take off in APAC over next 18 months.

Here's a snapshot of their growth:

Currently 80 people in Sydney office - set to grow 10 fold over next 2 years The company received over $220 million in venture capital. Company is valued at $1 billion and on track to hit $2 billion over the next 12-24 months.
Consultant

Work with clients to ensure software integrates effectively with their existing systems
Understand client business environment and objectives and translate into technical plan
Project manage implementation to ensure clients are on-boarded within the right time frames
Provide hands on configuration to get clients customisations up and running Provide deep product expertise to clients  Hybrid role between project management and the technical point of contact between the client and the development team. 
You must have:

Must have a completed Bachelor's degree in a technical field (information systems, computer science, statistics etc
MUST have experience with web - based technologies such as HTML/CSS and JavaScript,
Chrome Developer Tools or web inspector tools as well as SQL Superb communication skills (speak fluent English - enthusiastic, energetic and builds strong relationships) 
Work in Australia with no restrictions - must have PR/Citizenship. No flexibility on this unfortunately. 

If this sounds like you, please apply today as we are starting the interview process ASAP.

    
    Please apply to this advert or feel free to send an email with your resume to john.singca@salientgroup.com.au and you will receive a call within 24 - 48 hours to discuss. Please note: only qualified applicants will be contacted.Technical Support Consultant
    
    
Client
One of the fastest growing technology vendors in the APAC at the moment. Awesome culture of passionate, switched on people looking to knowledge share and embrace cutting edge tech.
Our client provides a SaaS platform which drives insights from complex data. Fresh to Sydney, this leader in innovative tech in the space is set to take off in APAC over next 18 months.
Your jaw will drop when you see their state of the art offices and Sydney Harbour views!

Here's a snapshot of their growth:

Currently 85 people in Sydney office - set to grow to 200 in the next 12 months. 
The company received over $220 million in venture capital. Company is valued at $1 billion and on track to hit $2 billion over the next 12-24 months.
Consultant

Work with clients to ensure software integrates effectively with their existing systems
Understand client business environment and objectives and translate into technical plan
Project manage implementation to ensure clients are on-boarded within the right time frames
Provide hands on configuration to get clients customisations up and running Provide deep product expertise to clients  Hybrid role between implementation consultant and a developer
 
You must have:

1+ yrs relevant corporate experience MINIMUM Must have a completed Bachelor's degree in a technical field (information systems, computer science, statistics etc)
MUST have professional experience with web - based technologies such as HTML/CSS and JavaScript. Nice to haves are Chrome Developer Tools or web inspector tools as well as SQL
Being bilingual is always a plus! Superb communication skills (speak fluent English - enthusiastic, energetic and builds strong relationships) Will be speaking to clients. 
Work in Australia with no restrictions - must have PR/Citizenship. No flexibility on this unfortunately. 

If this sounds like you, please apply today.GetSwift is a fast-growing, cloud-based delivery and logistics SaaS, that enables business owners to automatically dispatch like Uber, track like Dominos, optimise routes like FedEx, as well as manage the delivery of goods and mobile workforces.
The company is well-funded (recently closed a $24M round) and listed on the ASX in 2016. Our software is used in 65 countries and across 60+ industries, and our clients include companies like Pizza Hut, Little Caesars Pizza, Lion Nathan, Commonwealth Bank
 of Australia, Mitre10, Just Eat, and Red Rooster to name a few.
We're not just looking for a senior engineer, we're looking for someone who is prepared to get involved, bring in fresh ideas, and is enthusiastic about working alongside us to build high quality, high performance software. We pride ourselves on having the
 most stable, secure, and scalable software on the market, and your success will directly correspond to your ability to take our architectural design and performance to the next level!
Can you handle it? Can you pass the interview and code test? Ready to start right away? So are we - our hiring process is fast, nimble and to the point. After interviewing you we will let you know within days if you got the gig - no drawn out dramas or silence
 from us! Let's get this party started:
SOME OF THE PROJECTS YOU WOULD BE WORKING ON ARE:

Cutting-edge delivery dispatching systems to help large enterprises automate their entire dispatching process 
Complex routing, distribution and allocation systems to ensure our customers can save on fuel, vehicle maintenance and driver time out on the road, adding millions in savings to our customers each year 
Data analytics and modelling to help our client make better decisions  Real-time delivery tracking and mapping projects  Optimising end to end delivery algorithms  Enhancing our current cloud-based microservices architecture
SOME SKILLS THAT WILL MAKE YOUR JOB EASIER:
We're hiring at all levels of the stack, but we'd be particularly interested in full-stack engineers. The main requirement is that you're self-motivated and able to learn quickly. Please let us know your experience with the following, being strong in any
 of these areas will help you stand out:
Must haves:

Experience scaling high-volume, distributed applications with hard real-time requirements 
AWS and cloud in general  Kafka/messaging  CI, build pipelines, docker, kubernetes, etc
Nice to haves:

Javascript/Angular/React  Python/R  Comfortable learning new stacks  C# (functional style, dependency injection, SOLID etc)  Test automation  Frontend web development  Android/iOS  Git
We offer a very competitive salary package (they all say that), a great work environment (we mean it), and the opportunity to work for a successful software company with an entrepreneurial culture. Our experienced and agile team members are keen to work
 with you to create a cutting-edge product. But above all else we offer you new experiences, the ability to pick up new skills along with freedom and respect!
TO BE SUCCESSFUL IN YOUR APPLICATION MAKE SURE YOU:

Actually have read the full advert  Put some thought into your cover letter. If it's a form letter it will be identified right away. Beware our mighty screening algorithm! They are a human being so try to be creative. 
lready have the right to work in United States or Australia;
Please let us know:

Who you are and why you think you fit the requirements - bonus points for thinking out of the box 
Why this role interests you  Github account or any other publicly available code  What can you do for us and what can we do for you?  An indication of the salary package you are looking for and  How we can help you grow
BENEFITS:
Respect, freedom, and knowledge - work with some of the best global talent around.

The gift of time! Promotions, raises, etc based on outcomes not tenure.  End of year bonuses  Employee share options  Travel - exceed your yearly goals, get a trip to Hawaii or Bali for a week. We will even throw in some spending money, so you can do it in style. 
Being able to kick some serious gluteus maximus and be proud of it  Computer, monitors, and any other gear that may be needed  Our secure offices are in Melbourne & Manhattan - close to great public transport, and is clean, sunny, temperature controlled. 
Did we mention we are foodies? Yeah we love going out as a team after serious wins and enjoying some amazing dining. 
Seeing your product deployed globally with some of the largest brands
Please send your resume and cover letter to apply for this role to: talent@getswift.co
Good luck!,Digital Producer
      
      
Our client, a leader in the health and beauty market, has an outstanding opportunity for a hands-on Digital Producer role to coordinate the company’s end-to-end digital production process.

As the post holder, you will be required to coordinate with internal and external stakeholders to coordinate the production process to completion. You will be an excellent collaborator and problem solver and expected to provide expertise in analysing new development
 initiatives and producing development roadmaps. To perform this role to the required standard you should have strong experience in managing end-to-end digital projects as well as technical expertise in a variety of languages such as HTML, CSS, SASS and Javascript/jQuery.


Requirements


Strong experience in Information Technology or CommunicationsCMS experienceExpertise in HTML, CSS, SASS, JavaScript/JQueryAn understanding of responsive web design principalsA history of managing end-to-end digital productsUI/UX experience

Team player that enjoys providing guidance to both technical and non-technical team members alike are highly encouraged to apply.

For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Kevin Monahan at kmonahan@welovesalt.com or call 0413.875.852


      
      
        
        
        Level 10, 8 Spring Street
        Sydney NSW 2000
        www.welovesalt.com.Net Developer ASP and Sharepoint
    
    
      ASP.Net Development 
      
      Sharepoint Development
      
    
    
Permanent Developer position at one of Australia’s leading Vertically Integrated Retailer and Manufacturer in Western Sydney. The purpose of the role is to develop and customise business applications to meet the needs of a growing business.
Client Details
Our Client is one of Australia's fastest growing and expanding Vertically Integrated Retailer and Manufacturer who are renowned for offering their customers unparalleled value for money across their vast and diverse product range. With modern corporate offices
 and an open and flat structure, individuals joining this organisation will have the opportunity to engage and liaise with colleagues across the entire company hierarchy up to CXO level. The result of this is that decisions can be made quickly and you can see
 first-hand the impact your work has on the company and its customer base.
Description
The Business Systems / SharePoint Developer is responsible for developing innovative software solutions to support every part of the business, from manufacturing, logistics, and finance to retail.


Role and responsibilities
1) Work with the IT Business Analysts and Delivery Manager to design software solutions to support business requirements.

Responsible for designing and deriving solutions based on sound analytical judgment and team input in the best interest of the companyResearch new technologies that push the boundaries and capabilities of design and provide insight on applying these to our solution setEnsure software designs follow design principles: 
Optimised for High Availability, Optimised for Scalability, Modular, and Re-useable
Complete Technical design documentation to support development requirements
2) As part of the development team create and develop solutions that meet the agreed specification and design.

Develop software according to functional and technical design specifications and maintain an approach that serves to recognise potential design gaps and provide insight into closing them.Create efficient, scalable, reusable middle tier logic using any of ASP.NET, XML, C#, Java, T-SQL and other languages as needed.Create intuitive, logical and dynamic user interfaces using HTML, DHTML, JavaScript, XSL, Telerik Libraries, CSS and AJAX.
Create and design databases, views, stored procedures, T-SQL statements and user-defined functions of varying complexity with a “best practices” approach to keys, indexes and relationships in SQL Server 2005/2008/2012.Produce Service Desk Support documentation for all internally developed solutions.
3) As part of the development team develop, deploy and support custom build and out of the box solutions for Microsoft SharePoint

Complete modification and optimisation of existing SharePoint sites to support changing business needsConfigure and develop solutions in SharePoint to meet business requirementsIdentify required functionality/changes to SharePointComplete SharePoint configuration, customisation, workflow, security setup, and fault analysis/resolution.Setup and support access for different types of users of new and existing SharePoint sites
4) Perform component and system integration testing on software developments to ensure the developed solution meets the requirements set out in the approved specification and design document.

Prepare and maintain component and system integration test plansPerform component and system integration testsLiaise with software vendors to test third party software integrations
5) Provide level 2/3 support for internally developed solutions including SharePoint and participate in all other IT projects/tasks as required

Where required, provide 2nd and 3rd level support for internally developed/enhanced system solutions including SharePoint.Assist the service desk by providing technical documentation for workarounds, permanent solutions and internally developed solutions relating to internal developed/enhanced system solutions.Assist in the creation of user manuals and documentation for internally developed/enhanced system solutions.Provide on-call support when required.
Profile

Degree in Information Technology (Software Development) and/or .Net development industry certificationStrong ASP.NET (C#) software development experienceWorking experience with Microsoft Development Technology StackData integration experienceSolid understanding of the SDLCStrong database development experience (including Microsoft SQL)Working experience with Microsoft SharePointExcellent organisational skillsExcellent written technical communicationGood verbal communication
Job Offer
Western Sydney | Permanent position | Attractive Salary
To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Paul Chapman on +61 2 8292 2011.Full Stack Java Developer
      
      
A large financial services company is currently seeking a Full Stack Java Developer to join them on a permanent basis in Sydney CBD.

I am currently recruiting for a leading Financial services Client who have set up a new Fintech business and require a number of Java Developers to join the business. Based in the Sydney CBD, they are looking for  full stack Java Developers who are strong
 in JVM languages and have some knowledge or experience with groovy / grails. Other skills include core java experience with Web development and good spring / hibernate experience coming from DB backed application background.

To be successful in this role: 

Qualified to degree level (2:1 or above) Excellent Java experience Groovy and Grails in a commercial environment Knowledge or experience of planning and implementing technologies using Agile development processes such as SCRUM, TDD
A background in building JVM based applications at scale Full stack Java capability Knowledge and demonstrable experience of JavaScript frameworks, e.g. JQuery, AngularJS
Demonstrable ability to deliver high quality products to sometimes challenging timescales
Organised, delivery focused and analytical Effective communicator with business customers at all levels including Senior Management
Team player Ability to deal with non-standard requests/work, often at short notice 
Technology stack includes: 

YUI, HTML5, CSS3 Grails Groovy RabbitMQ MySQL Restful APIs DropWizard AWS 
Is this you?! APPLY NOW!! 
 
SK921664ANode.JS Developer - cutting edge tech!!
      
      
      
      My client is an exciting start-up which is headquartered in Brisbane CBD with offices globally.  This company continues to grow and go from strength to strength.  They have developed a revolutionary online trading platform with the most cutting edge technologies
 (for example, Microservices architecture).  You will work in a truly Agile Scrum environment which is both highly collaborative and dynamic.

 As a result of this organisation's continued growth, they are looking for talented Node.JS developers to grow an additional Scrum team.  This is a fantastic opportunity to join a dynamic start-up to work on cutting edge technologies with a team of passionate
 technical professionals.
 
Required skills
• Experience developing software in Node.JS 
• Strong JavaScript experience, Typescript would be ideal
• Experience of working in an Agile Scrum environment
• Experience with AWS (Amazon Web Services) would be highly regarded
• Strong communication skills with a highly collaborative approach is essential
 
If you would like to be part of this exciting and growing organisation, please apply online or call Nicola Steel for more information on 0499 773546.
      
      Nicola Steel
0499 773546Software Engineer
      
      About Us
We are a professional services firm that puts our people at the heart of our strategy. We help customers challenge status quo by working with them on implementing new and emerging technologies whilst enabling our consultants to continue to learn and acquire
 new skills. Our business is structured across four key practices:

Data & Analytics - BI/DW, Big Data Analytics, Data Engineering, Data Science and Advanced Analytics
Customer Engagement - Marketing Campaigns, Campaign Analysis, Customer Insights
Digital - Full stack Development, UI/UX Design, Mobile Development Cloud & Technology - Cloud Services (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform), Managed Services

As a result of our rapid growth in our business, we have opportunities available at all levels in our Melbourne office.

The opportunity  
This is a great opportunity for a software engineering enthusiast to join a consulting firm that offers a variety of projects and a structured learning and development path. You will work alongside a talented team of consultants who all share your passion in
 building great solutions and learning new skills. 
  
About You:

Polyglot: First and foremost, you are an intelligent technologist with excellent problem solving skills. You'll have experience in software development in a variety of languages including but not restricted to Java, .NET, Python, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3.
 We believe good engineers can pick up new languages relatively easily and so we're not prescriptive about the programming languages you bring experience in.
Curious and eager to learn: You are a curious individual who is eager to develop their skills and progress their career in a consulting environment
Team player: You like being part of high performing teams and like sharing your knowledge with your peers.

   
What you can expect:

Learning & Development: As a naturally curious individual, you will have many opportunities to develop your technical and consulting skills. We run internal training on a weekly basis (knowledge sharing sessions, focus groups and our own Toastmasters Club!)
 as well as encourage and sponsor certifications. Variety of projects: As a consultant, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple projects across our client base significantly increasing your skills and exposure in the industry.
Career progression: As a consulting firm, our leadership team is continually looking for technologists who want to develop their careers as people leaders and as senior advisors. You will have an opportunity to build your consulting skills as part of our
 team. 

If this is you, looking to join a team that is determined to provide you with the opportunities and capability to develop and extend your career to the next level, then look no further! APPLY NOW!APS5 Web Services Specialists
      
      
        Organisational Capability & Change Management Division
        
        Brisbane or Sydney based position
        
      
      Tasked with improving health outcomes for Australians through the delivery of digital healthcare systems and the national digital health strategy for Australia, the Australian Digital Health Agency (the Agency) is responsible for national digital health services and systems, with a focus on engagement, innovation and clinical quality and safety. Our focus is on putting data and technology safely to work for patients, consumers and the healthcare professionals who look after them. 
        
        The Agency is currently seeking people with a desire to make a difference to health outcomes, who are passionate about the use of digital health to meet these goals and have the relevant experience to deliver solutions in a highly complex stakeholder and technical environment. 
        
Reporting to the Director, Information Systems and Technology, this position is responsible for providing application design and integration in the area of web technologies for the Agency's online environments. The position includes aspects such as web development,
 software development, web systems integration, hosting and authentication.
This is a hands-on disciplined technical position involving programming and technical authoring of procedures and support. 
Accountabilities in this role include but are not limited to:

Development and deployment, configuration, and support of technical aspects of the Agency's web environment (current and future), specifically Public websites, Collaboration systems and Internal websites
Develop technical documentation of current processes and procedures related to the Agency web environments
Ensure high standard of conformance to WCAG standards and W3C compliance Ongoing development and enhancement of the Agency's web applications
In addition, the suitable applicant will demonstrated the following key skills and experience:

Proven PHP development expertise including PHPUnit Development experience with Drupal 7 and 8 Standard web development expertise inclusive of HTML and CSS Standard software development experience inclusive of Git and Git Flow principles, Continuous build and integration practices and Software Development Life Cycle
Modern JavaScript frameworks and development processes Experienced unit testing and test suit development MySQL and PostgreSQL database administration and operation skills Applied operational experience of Linux based web environments Applied experience providing technical documentation of complex systems Applied experience with Atlassian products: JIRA, Confluence, Bitbucket and Bamboo
Ability to work in a small close-knit team Ability to support a variety of users and systems in a busy environment
You will have full rights to work in Australia.
Applications for this position will close on the 3rd July 2017 at 11:59pm (AEST).
For further information regarding the position and the Australian Digital Health Agency please contact 1300 895 669 or apply online.
www.digitalhealth.gov.au
 

      
      
        
        
        For further information regarding the position and the Australian Digital Health Agency please visit our careers page at www.digitalhealth.gov.au and apply online. 
      www.digitalhealth.gov.auFull Stack Developer
      
      Talent is an innovative and highly-successful global IT&T recruitment and technology service specialist supplying thousands of contract and permanent technology professionals across Australia, New Zealand, Asia, the UK and the USA.  With revenue approaching
 A$400 million per annum,  Talent are the largest independently-owned and operated recruitment businesses in Australia. Talent also owns Avec, an IT consulting specialist that delivers services in relationship management, enterprise service management, operations
 management and specialist services to clients in a fresh and unique way.
 
Talent have been requested to find a highly experienced Developer for this expanding WA technology success story. They have enjoyed major growth since they started and are about to launch a new product to the market which will bring even greater expansion
 of their business. 

 
Technical Skills

Minimum of five years commercial JavaScript & Java Development experienceAgile backgroundExperience with both AngularJS and AWD would be highly beneficalBackground in working with and supporting multiple running environmentsJunit and Nunit testing frameworksCommunication skills and high level of confidence are essentialComputer Science degree or equivalent
 
They are looking to recruit this Developer ASAP so in the first instance please email your resume using the link below.  Further enquiries can be made to either Kate Meyer or Kelly Williams on 08 9221 3330.This role serves as key support to the development team for our platform and will include the below technical responsibilities.
Key responsibilities of the role include (but are not limited to):

Creating and maintaining new functionality on our platform, operating a reference application model
Delivering scalable, reusable code that benefits any and all platforms we may have across the group
Supporting the maintenance and technical configuration of the e-commerce environment
Partnering with the business, vendors, and other IT team members for troubleshooting and enhancements
Advising on and managing custom functionality Working with technical teams to devise or modify processes to solve complex problems
Maintaining a strong understanding of the platform and industry trends Delivering improvements to the customer digital experience
Interested? You'll need:

Hands on experience working with ecommerce technology (ideally Demandware / Commerce Cloud) in a direct to consumer retail environment
Strong knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript and other technology associated with digital ecommerce platforms
Experience in providing technical and user support for an ecommerce platform Experience in building and maintaining API integrations, web services, SOAP and REST is desirable
A Bachelor's degree in IT or equivalent experience A strong ability to balance multiple responsibilities and take initiative The ability to perform in a fast paced and highly interactive team environment
Strong written and verbal communication skills, as well as problem solving skills
The ability to be flexible, team oriented, self-motivated, proactive, and passionate!
This is an exciting opportunity that will allow you to help drive the success of our ecommerce platform.
What's in it for you?

Looking for a great team environment? We've got an awesome open plan setup that supports collaboration. 
Like sushi and coffee? We have a Japanese café on-site. Like to relax? We offer free on-site massages. Like our products? You'll get a generous staff discount. It's your birthday? Take the day off. Like the beach? We are located in one of the most coveted locations on the Gold Coast, Burleigh Heads!
To apply, send us your CV and cover letter and tell us why the job is yours.As a multinational business with its roots embedded here in Queensland this company can only be described as a true Australian success story. They're entrenched in the US market, Europe and of course Australasia. Their growth over the last 5 years in all
 three markets is astounding, what they have in store for the coming 5 - 10 years is even more impressive. All three markets rely heavily on the internal system in place which has been developed inhouse. It is a total CRM, Stock Management, Dealer Network,
 Lead generation and reporting tool. 
Join a team that are proud of what they have produced and justifiably so. You have to be able to wear more than one hat in this role, it is currently only a small team but there are expectations to grow this digital/development team exponentially over the coming
 5 years. Be mentored by two strong team members and bring your own opinion on technologies and trends that will benefit the business. Come in at the ground level and grow with the business, you could well be managing a team in no

time. 

Essential Skills (if you don't have them, don't bother applying):


PHP Full-stack Development Experience MVC Frameworks - preferably CakePHP 2.X Javascript AngularJS 1.X HTML CSS SQL MySQL Apache2, Nginx VCS - Git Strong documentation experience 
They have a fun environment with both team members enjoying a laugh and happily exchanging banter. You will be expected to handle the responsibility of working autonomously, take pride in your work and produce clean scalable and maintainable code. This
 isn't an Agile Methodology environment just at this stage, tasks and queries etc are however handled using
Jira and the like. They are still a family owned business and aren't afraid to reward those who stick by them and produce quality work that improves the business.

The following are not essential but would be really nice to have:

Unit testing experience Automated testing suite PHPUnit experience Vagrant 

This is an exciting opportunity and GSG are proud to be offering this to the market, if this is something you are really serious about use the Apply button or get through to me via my details below.

0479 140 992 - tom@griffithsandshapland.com
Tom Griffiths
Managing Consultant & Director @ GSG


        
        
          Tom Griffiths
0479 140 992Senior .NET Web Developer - opportunity PLUS
      
      
        Fantastic team environment, interesting work
        
        Long term contract, excellent rates
        
        Own web dev projects from end to end
        
      
      
Our Government client has a ‘once-in-a-lifetime’ opportunity for a Senior Web Developer
with strong backend .NET skills, to join their Web Applications team in Canberra. This is a 12 month contract with a potential for extension. Ideally you hold an NV1 or Baseline Security clearance, however Australian Citizens without a clearance are
 welcome to apply.
Working to an Agile methodology within a MS Stack environment, you will contribute to the design, build and ongoing maintenance of the public website and internal intranet, perform coding, development and unit testing of web application software, contribute
 to the continual improvement of production services, provide advice to business users, assist with the analysis of technical issues/processes and maintain technical documentation.

Essential Attributes:
Ideally you are highly technical with experience as a Web Developer with really strong .NET skills, experience in Web Forms, Win Forms within the .NET 2.0+ framework, plus Visual Studio IDE, C#, HTML, JavaScript and CSS. Knowledge of React/Angular is highly
 desirable and ideally you have some knowledge of Sitecore or a similar CMS. You are friendly, team oriented and self-driven.
If you secure this role, a massive benefit is that you will run Greenfield projects from end to end, so you will develop skills in new technologies and will have complete project ownership from start to finish. The team is highly collaborative, interested
 in emerging technologies and tools, as well as friendly and fun to work with.
Other perks include a bright, open office space, car parking, access to a gym and other sports facilities and a great Manager, who is both highly knowledgeable and very supportive. 
NOTE: Please note the candidate needs to be an Australian Citizen with a valid Baseline security clearance to be successful for this role.
To find out more about this fantastic opportunity and get the full job description, APPLY NOW or call Ankit Trikha on (02) 6202 7744 quoting reference VL 269200 for more information.

      
      
        
        
        Timing is important. Sending your CV in Word format will guarantee we
        can prepare your details to the highest professional standard in the
        shortest possible time for representation to our client.APS6 Digital & Technical Officer
        
        Provide support and deliver interactive platforms for the agency. 
        
        
          12 Month Contract
          
          Agency will sponsor your Clearance
          
          Allen Francis | Recruiting Experts in Digital Communications
          
        
        
Provide support and deliver interactive platforms for the agency.

Your new company

Within a newly created APS6 position, you will join a creative technology-focused agency that drives for the improvement of a cleaner Australian environment.

Your new role

Under the direction of the Digital and Creative Senior Advisor, you will identify opportunities for digital tools to enhance customer understanding and experiences.

You will create JavaScript based client-side solutions to develop, implement and refine innovative digital solutions that are aligned with agency objectives. You will prepare graphics and other creative elements using the Adobe Creative suite in line with the
 agency’s brand and visual style guide.

You will need to be a resilient and proactive individual with great interpersonal skills to work with internal and external stakeholders.

What you'll need to succeed

Your expertise in writing JavaScript products from scratch, experience creating digital animations (JavaScript, HTML 5, CSS) and communications, public relations, or marketing experience will qualify you as a strong candidate for this role.

Your expertise in developing interactive digital online product/tools, strong understanding of website publishing requirements (WCAG) and language, and experience publishing using CMS is vital.

Finally, you will align with the team culture expectations as a resilient and proactive individual.

What you'll get in return

In return, you will join a talented team that aids in the planning and delivering of environmentally-friendly products and aids in policy development. You will get to work in a unique and fast-paced environment to deliver strategic communication advice and
 services to a hands-on agency.

This agency I also willing to sponsor you though a Baseline clearance - an excellent opportunity to get that coveted government security clearance.

In addition, you will have the opportunity to play a role in managing the agency’s online presence, elevating your career.

As a Hays contractor, you’ll receive an attractive hourly rate of $55-58 + superannuation, and the ongoing support and advice of your Hays consultant.


What you need to do now

If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Allen Francis. Alternatively, email your application (in Word format) directly to Allen on Allen.Francis@hays.com.au.

You must be an Australian citizen and possess or be willing to go through the process to obtain and maintain a (Baseline, NV1, or NV2) personnel security clearance.

Applications close 03/08/2017

If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.

        
        
        1898913
        
        
        To apply please click
          the 'Apply' button below.The Company:
This established finance house has an excellent reputation and a solid brand name. They offer the market a diverse range of finance and payments solutions, and they have a fantastic and creative team environment.
 
The Role:
Working in this brand new role, you will have direct responsibility for full stack development for a suite of applications and tools that support the finance lending & payments business.

Drawing on your extensive development background you will be involved in both BAU & Project initiatives, and you will play a key role in engaging with the users to understand their key needs. You will be a truly creative development professional with a core
 passion for technology.
 
About You: 

At least 6+ years full stack development Excellent knowledge of .NET, MVC, WinForms, WPF Strong skills in C#, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS Ideally some knowledge of Node, AngularJS, jQuery etc. Experience delivering creative and interesting solutions The ability to create and present business cases Strong communication skills
Next Steps:
To apply for this fantastic opportunity please submit your resume to Shupta by clicking the apply now button. Please also submit a cover letter outlining your suitability for this role.

M&T Resources is an equal opportunities recruitment agency and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic
 or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other basis as protected by applicable law. Follow us on LinkedIn for the latest insights and best opportunities from Australia's most influential organisations. http://www.linkedin.com/company/m-and-t-resourcesSenior Software Engineer
        
        
Location
Sydney

Senior Software EngineerSydney CBDFun, Agile Environment
Job Summary
We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our Product Team in Sydney. You will be working with a high performing team, consisting of an Engineering Manager, Technical Lead, 3 Software Engineers, a Senior Product Manager, a Senior UX Designer and
 a QA Engineer. You will be working on a large Software-as-a-service (SAAS) system to deliver new functionality whilst continually improving the design, security, scalability and robustness of the system.

We are looking for someone to contribute to the planning, analysis and estimation of the work to ensure that the highest priority and most valuable functionality is continually delivered to our customers.


From a Software Development point of view, you will be working within a large codebase, use Test-Driven Development to add new functionality whilst refactoring to continually improve the design and reusability of that codebase. Your experience in designing
 new software to be scalable and robust will be tested regularly and you will be tasked with improving the scalability, security and reliability of the existing application. You will have experience using a variety of testing approaches to ensure the quality
 of the application and continually improve on continuous integration processes to ensure fast and reliable feedback. Coupled with this, you will contribute to project and departmental retrospectives to ensure knowledge sharing, and process and technology improvements.

We are advocates of provisioning test environment and using automation tools. We would like an individual who wants to deploy software to QA and product environment and automate the deployment process as much as possible.
Job Description
Required Skills and Experience:

Expertise with Java and J2EE technologies including Spring, Hibernate, Lucerne, Apache Tomcat JSP/Servlets, JMS.Expertise with API development.Experience with JavaScript, HTML5, SASS/CSS and in-depth understanding of HTTP protocols.
Experience with modern JavaScript UI frameworks such as Angular or React.Experience with Node development and module bundlers.Experience with secure UI applications.Experience in using XP practices such as TDD, pairing, CI etc.Experienced in using version control (GIT), database technologies and transactions managementUnderstanding of UX and the design techniques and prototyping.Knowledge of C# .NET server-side web application framework and REST servicesKnowledge of Security Principles, Web Standards and Accessibility Best Practices.
Highly collaborative.

Desirable Skills:

Experience with AWSKnowledge of .Net coreExperience with continuous and automated deploymentsBlue/green deployment experience a plusUnderstanding and experience with software engineering processes and principles, particularly in an agile development life cycle.

If the above sounds like you, then please apply and I’ll give you a call.APS5 Web Services Specialists
      
      
        Organisational Capability & Change Management Division
        
        Brisbane or Sydney based position
        
      
      Tasked with improving health outcomes for Australians through the delivery of digital healthcare systems and the national digital health strategy for Australia, the Australian Digital Health Agency (the Agency) is responsible for national digital health services and systems, with a focus on engagement, innovation and clinical quality and safety. Our focus is on putting data and technology safely to work for patients, consumers and the healthcare professionals who look after them. 
        
        The Agency is currently seeking people with a desire to make a difference to health outcomes, who are passionate about the use of digital health to meet these goals and have the relevant experience to deliver solutions in a highly complex stakeholder and technical environment. 
        
Reporting to the Director, Information Systems and Technology, this position is responsible for providing application design and integration in the area of web technologies for the Agency's online environments. The position includes aspects such as web development,
 software development, web systems integration, hosting and authentication.
This is a hands-on disciplined technical position involving programming and technical authoring of procedures and support. 
Accountabilities in this role include but are not limited to:

Development and deployment, configuration, and support of technical aspects of the Agency's web environment (current and future), specifically Public websites, Collaboration systems and Internal websites
Develop technical documentation of current processes and procedures related to the Agency web environments
Ensure high standard of conformance to WCAG standards and W3C compliance Ongoing development and enhancement of the Agency's web applications
In addition, the suitable applicant will demonstrated the following key skills and experience:

Proven PHP development expertise including PHPUnit Development experience with Drupal 7 and 8 Standard web development expertise inclusive of HTML and CSS Standard software development experience inclusive of Git and Git Flow principles, Continuous build and integration practices and Software Development Life Cycle
Modern JavaScript frameworks and development processes Experienced unit testing and test suit development MySQL and PostgreSQL database administration and operation skills Applied operational experience of Linux based web environments Applied experience providing technical documentation of complex systems Applied experience with Atlassian products: JIRA, Confluence, Bitbucket and Bamboo
Ability to work in a small close-knit team Ability to support a variety of users and systems in a busy environment
You will have full rights to work in Australia.
Applications for this position will close on the 3rd July 2017 at 11:59pm (AEST).
For further information regarding the position and the Australian Digital Health Agency please contact 1300 895 669 or apply online.
www.digitalhealth.gov.au
 

      
      
        
        
        For further information regarding the position and the Australian Digital Health Agency please visit our careers page at www.digitalhealth.gov.au and apply online. 
      www.digitalhealth.gov.auPHP Developer - 3+ month contract with extension!
      
      
        3 month initial contract with extension or permanent role
        
        Work with latest technologies
        
        Amazing client portfolio - recognition is guaranteed
        
      
      
Due to client demand, this multi award-winning digital agency with offices in the Melbourne CBD are seeking the services of a highly skilled PHP developer to join their rapidly expanding team.  
 

The successful PHP developer will be working extensively with the WordPress and Magento platforms, alongside third party system integrations.  The projects are a collaborative effort with developers, producers, strategists and designers and more. 
 
To be considered for this exciting contract opportunity (with extension/perm), you must possess the following skills/experience:  

3+ years solid experience working as a PHP developer Previous experience working with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS and more
Previous experience with email marketing platforms and payment integrations Previous experience working with Git Symfony/Laravel Drupal experience is a bonus Magento certification highly advantageous Flawless communication skills are essential 
If you are a highly skilled PHP developer possessing all the requisite skills, seeking an opportunity to work in a vibrant and diverse working environment with an open and collaborative culture, with the freedom to use the software and hardware tools you’re
 comfortable with, please apply with your resume to jobs@pbisearch.com.au immediately.  
 
Interviewing now!  
 

      
      Suite 206, 83 York Street, Sydney NSW 2000
        Telephone: 02 8014 8959
        Fax 02 8275 8877Front End Developer
    
    
Are you the TYPE(script) of Front End Developer who likes to live in a
GLAMOR(OUS) world rather than go out of 
(cascading) SYTLE (sheets)?
o you find yourself REACT(.js)ing enthusiastically at the thought of coding with a team of talented, like minded developers?
Not always following the standard (java)SCRIPT but thinking innovatively and collaborating with like minded people to produce great results?

Excuse my very bad tech humour, however this is no ordinary position!!! Do you want to be part of something amazing???

I have a career changing opportunity for a skilled Front End Developer to produce quality code for a range of high profile digital products.

You will be some who enjoys exploring new technologies in your own time. You will also enjoy getting the opportunity to use these new technologies in the work place. Working collaboratively with your fellow Front End Developers, you will produce quality code
 and contribute significantly to the end Web product!

In order to apply for the role you must have
JavaScript
HTML
CSS, with an interest in exploring other options such as Glamor
React.js
TypeScript
Agile and TDD experience      

Get in touch!!!

    
    www.2xmtechnology.com.auReference: 4912
      
      18 months fixed-term, full time
      
      $86,897 - $104,278 (GJ07)
      
      Bentley location
      
    
    
Assist research groups to design applications and architect workflows for their research.

As the Business Computational Specialist you will be responsible delivering data and visualisation solutions to CIC researchers from the Curtin Business School. This will involve assisting research groups to design applications and architect workflows for their
 research and guidance to deploy their applications on cloud and supercomputing resources as appropriate.

To be successful, you require a tertiary qualification in a relevant discipline with a combination of relevant experience in the installation, support and development of computer applications. Proficiency in at least one compiled language (e.g. Java, C, C plus
 plus, GAUSS) and one scripting language (such as R, Python, MATLAB, Octave, or Javascript) is essential.

Applications close: 5 pm, Tuesday 1 August 2017Opus has partnered with an award winning Digital Agency that specialise in Web Development. Due to recent project success they have won new and exciting projects and need addition developers to come on site and rattle through these projects and also learn
 from their extremely talented team. They have multiple projects on at the moment, some front end, some back end. Loads of Python/Django.
This particular role:
Building multiple web apps in Django, then from here some of these will be back ends that hook into iOS or Android apps (iOS, and/or Android experience would be fantastic)
My client suggests that someone with less experience but who has worked on smaller projects with more responsibility.
Key Skills:

2 years Commercial experience with Python 2 years minimum experience with Django Ideally worked with iOS / Android Worked as part of a small team with multiple projects with more responsibility rather than part of a large team.
Desirable:

Javascript (React/Angular/Node )
My client cannot sponsor, you need to be onsite and have fully working rights for Australia to be considered.

If you are remotely interested, I want to hear from you. Give me a call and send your up to date CV to Daniel.bowers@opusrs.com.au
 

    
    0292384275Angular and/or ReactJS - Senior Developer - Major Project at ASX-Listed giant
    
    
Angular or ReactJS - Front-End/UI/UX Senior Developer - High-Profile Project
We require a Senior Front End Developer with experience working in modern HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript frameworks AngularJS or ReactJS to work on
one of the biggest Greenfield projects going. This isn't just bug-fixes and enhancements, this innovative, creative, real top-end of town stuff and a project that will look great on the resume.

You'll be working within a close-knit, lean development team and will be exposed to an exciting National project including web application development, website enhancements and UI development across web & mobile.
Key Skills and Experience required -

3-5+ years experience as a Front End/UI Developer Experience with AngularJS or React JS Strong Experience with other Front-End technologies such as HTML, CSS, javascript etc
Team player, positive attitude Willing to learn new software 
This is a great contract on a great project.
Please hit the APPLY tab or send your resume to daniel@etegroup.com.auFront-End Developer - ReactJS
    
    

Expertise with JavaScript Frameworks (ReactJS & AngularJS) Utilise your HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3 and WebAPI skills Permanent Full-Time Role 

Melbourne CBD

As Australia's largest privately owned IT Services Company conducting business Australia wide and in the Asia Pacific region,
Dialog's key focus is on delivering outstanding results to its many corporate and government clients using leading tools, technologies and methodologies.
Dialog is a dynamic organisation which offers attractive career development to its people through diverse projects, training and mentoring in a collaborative atmosphere.

Dialog enjoys long-term relationships with Australia's Peak Government and Corporate organisations. As a Dialog consultant engaging with these clients you will:

Work with key stakeholders to achieve world's best practice processes in major projects
Work on a wide variety of interesting and challenging assignments Work with colleagues in partnership with clients who are committed to achieving their business objectives
Enjoy salary above industry standard in a working environment in which effort, creativity and a positive attitude are highly valued
Have extensive training opportunities through the Dialog Academy, which offers over 1,500 IT and 800 Business Skills courses
Work with like minded colleagues who share information and focus on the goal, driving the project and their careers further and faster

Dialog requires an experienced Front-End Developer to be involved in designing, developing testing and deployment or responsive web applications.

Dialog seeks people who have these capabilities:

Significant experience with Front-End Development using HTML5, JavaScript & CSS3
Demonstrated ability developing with JavaScript Frameworks such as ReactJS and AngularJS
Exposure to back-end development with .NET, C# is highly regarded Good understanding of responsive web design and development Proficient with Web APIs Considerable experience working within Agile project teams 
Established in 1979, Dialog employs over 1,200 people throughout Australia, and provides a wide range of information technology solutions to government and corporate clients.

At Dialog, our whole approach is based on four key values: Involved, Committed, Can Do, Always.

It's these values, applied to every project, which stand behind our success and ensure we are always client focused. These same four values underpin the relationship we enjoy with our people.

Join our team of professional, enthusiastic and experienced consultants, where communication, learning and knowledge sharing are prized. We offer an excellent benefits package.

Dialog is an equal opportunity employer.

Applicants should be Australian or NZ citizens or Australian permanent residents. If you are not an Australian or New Zealand citizen you will need to provide your passport and visa for our review.

Visit our website www.dialog.com.au for more information.
    
    
      
     
    
    INVOLVED,
      COMMITTED, CAN DO, ALWAYS
	  An experienced web developer with strong design skills. Preferred applicant should have strong understanding of the following:
SKILLS REQUIRED:

Web & internet scripting (JavaScript/HTML and CSS) Keen to learn, adopt new ideas and work as part of a team. Experience with the Adobe Suite of Products (Photoshop, Indesign, Illustrator)
Experience of designing logos and print media Experience with: Microsoft Office (Excel,Word) Solid understanding of SQL and generated database principles.Key responsibilities include:
- Developing clean, semantic and accessible code
- Collaborating with UX designers
- Cross-device/browser support and testing
- Building interactive and engaging user experiences
- Working with project managers to develop estimates on projects
- Proactively contributing to development processes
The successful candidate will have:
- A guru level understanding of HTML5, CSS3/SCSS and JavaScript
- An understanding of well-known javaScript frameworks
- Understanding of web standards and accessibility
- An ability to follow strict brand guidelines
- A strong portfolio of creative work
- A great attention to detail
- Experience developing custom WordPress themes
- Experience in working on a Mac platform
- An ability to work to tight deadlines
- An eagerness to learn and grow in the role
- Proficient knowledge of Photoshop & Illustrator
What you'll get:
- A job working with like minded humans passionate about quality work as well as life balance
- A great opportunity for training, learning and developing your career
- Liquid motivation in the form of a coffee machine and a full bar fridge
- Yearly snow trip
About Studio Moso
Moso is a full-service digital agency that grows brands with award-winning digital projects. Strategy, websites, creative, email campaigns, platforms, CMS integrations and video production are what we bring to the table. Since 2004, we've been hired by some
 of the best known banks, education institutions, government departments and leading food companies to launch products, make announcements and build awareness among some of the hardest consumers in the world to reach and connect with.
NOTE: Strictly no recruitment agencies, sorry guys.
Studio Moso
202 Wellington Street, Collingwood, 3066
www.studiomoso.com.auJob Overview
We are looking for an experienced PHP / Angular Developer to help us to continue building a world class education platform.
Advanced skills in Angular 1 & 2, HTML5, CSS3 are critical for this role. Development experience, projects or interests in Python (Django), mobile applications will be viewed favourably.
 
Skills & Qualifications
Required


5+ years experience in PHP development

Familiar with Codeigniter or equivalent MVC framework

Experience in AngularJS, HTML5, CSS3, Javascript

Experience developing applications around a back-end REST API and JSON

Knowledge of GIT or other version control

Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal

 
Beneficial


Experience with MySQL Server, PostgreSQL and intermediate DBA knowledge

Experience in development for cloud services, particularly AWS

Doctrine ORM

Unix (Ubuntu)

MYSQL

Apache configuration

AWS or Rackspace

 
You have


Knowledge and experience of the Software Development Life Cycle (e.g., coding standards, code management, specification & design, estimation) and Project Management Methodologies such as AGILE experience

Understanding of fundamental design principles behind a scalable application

Understanding of the differences between multiple delivery platforms, such as mobile vs desktop, and optimizing output to match the specific platform

Analytical skills to identify problems and work in a team to determine, develop and implement solutions

Critical thinking skills - balancing the interests of college partners, developers and the company

 
Responsibilities


Developing or modifying code to ensure that applications operate to meet customer business requirements and adhere to industry standards.

Developing changes and releases with minimal impact to customers while ensuring following appropriated IT Service Management and Software Design Lifecycle processes.

Contributing to the architecture, User Interface design, implementation and maintenance of customer-oriented applications and in-house dev.

Managing the schedule of environment maintenance activities to ensure the optimal usage of environments.

Following best practice web standards, policies and processes across all digital environments.

Completing documentation for all deliverables.

Providing regular and timely feedback to stakeholders on systems performance and identified issues.Java Developer - WebSphere
      
      
        Permanent Role
        
        Market Leading Remuneration
        
        Outstanding Career Growth Opportunity
        
      
      
A top tier financial organisation is responsible for developing a key trading system processing half a billion dollars in global trades daily. The adoption of a number of emerging technologies has seen the development group increase in size significantly
 and a number of internal promotions has created the need for several Senior Java Developers.

As the successful candidate, you will work in an Agile team to design and develop innovative solutions on a Java/WebSphere platform, utilising a range of new and emerging technologies including Knockout.js in a very large enterprise environment.

Additionally you will

Provide input into the architectural and design decisions to shape the product roadmap to best enable ongoing improvements.Work within a multi-skilled team of experts within their fieldDesign technical solutions for a high profile solution within a complex domain.

To be successful in this role you will be a Senior Developer with extensive knowledge and experience working with Java (1.8), WebSphere, Maven, Spring/Hibernate and REST API's. Knowledge of Knockout.js (or similar JavaScript frameworks) is also essential as
 well as excellent communications and client facing skills.

Experience gained in large banking and financial environments is also highly desirable.

Use the prompts to apply, or contact Adam Higgs on 03 8330 5001 for more information.
( SK912779A )
IMPORTANT: By submitting your email address and any other personal information when you APPLY to a job, you consent to such information being collected, held, used and disclosed in accordance with our COLLECTIONS NOTICE and PRIVACY
 POLICY.
http://www.bluefinresources.com.au/privacy-policyAbout Us

We provide loss management, risk assessment and technical advice to the business and insurance communities.

Our award-winning online services are innovative and designed specifically for the insurance industry. For a brief overview of our current services, please visit www.LMIGroup.com.

 
What we're looking for

We're looking for a talented and passionate developer to join our growing web development team at our head office in Camberwell. You will be involved in the ongoing development of our suite of insurance based web applications.
You will be able to clearly demonstrate how you love tech, and keep yourself up to date with what's going on in the industry and be able to demonstrate a continuous learning mindset, in which you are always looking to learn and develop your skills further.

Your responsibilities will include:

Understand existing systems Design and implement features according to given spec Investigate and fix bugs Make improvements in terms of UI or performance Requirement analysis
The required skill sets you will need include:

Strong experience with ASP.net, C#, including ASP.net MVC and Web API Be familiar with SQL Extensive experience with Front-End development using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript
A solid understanding of Object-Oriented Be familiar with SPA using Angular2 or React Good experience with Git or Mercurial Have a good understanding of continuous integration and continuous deployment
Have great communication skills
Other desired skills:

Experience with open source projects Experience with Microsoft Azure Understanding of frameworks for building hybrid apps, such as Ionic or React Native


You must also have the right to live and work in Australia.

        
        
          If this role sounds like you and you want to work in a creative environment, with a great team, then apply today by submitting a covering letter and C.V to employmenthr@LMIgroup.com.Hey Melbourne, we have a great opportunity with a local start up business recently breaking into the US market. They have been going through some changes across their tech stack and are looking for someone to hit the ground running and handle feature builds
 and bug fixes for their growing list of clients. 


They have are a young and driven bunch with a passion for "getting it done" and having fun along the way. They have a great space in Collingwood with a north side warehouse co-working feel to it with polished concrete floors, high ceilings and a ping pong table.


They are looking for an experienced front end developer fluent in Angular 2, HTML5 and CSS3. Anyone with experience or interest in Python (Django) would do very well in this role and could see a permanent position within the business. They are looking for someone
 on a 3 month contract with potential to go permanent for the right person.


Your background:

2+ years experience in PHP development Familiar with Codeigniter or equivalent MVC framework Experience in AngularJS, HTML5, CSS3, Javascript Experience developing applications around a back-end REST API and JSON Knowledge of GIT or other version control Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal 


Whats in it for me you ask?

Great offices Great location (Collingwood) Great people  Great product Ping Pong tables Dog friendly office Market competitive daily rates 
 What now:

They are looking to move quickly on this one so APPLY ASAP or if you have any questions call me (James Ferne) on 0408 666 806Senior .Net C# Developer
        
        
The Company
Opteon is an international provider of valuations, advisory and specialist property services in the Australian and New Zealand market. Recognised as the largest valuation professional services firm in these regions, we deliver meaningful solutions for our
 clients across all property types and market sectors. We are experiencing an exciting period of growth and change, positioning the company as one of the most prominent property services providers.  Our future growth strategy is for organic growth, diversification
 and international expansion.
The Role
You will lead and develop a project team within the Solutions Development unit of the IT team, working closely with all units of the business to provide industry renowned technology.


Lead the development, testing and deployment phases of the software lifecycle of our in-house platform

Provide and develop sound high quality technical support for development solutions 

Work collaboratively as a member of the team

Proactively work with Continuous Improvement

To be the successful candidate you must be able to demonstrate:


2- 5 years' commercial development experience

Strong C# skills

Web frontend (JavaScript/HTML/CSS)

SQL Server (T-SQL)

Awareness of Application Development, Application Management and Enterprise Integration and Infrastructure and Security

Preferably you will be degree qualified or have significant industry experience. Any of the following experiences are beneficial but not essential:


ElasticSearch

MS SQL Reporting Services

Android Mobile Development (Java, Xamarin)

MS Office Open XML (OOXML)

What we Offer
We offer rewarding careers for outstanding professionals and ongoing learning and development opportunities. Our culture is positive and inclusive and with the business continuing to grow rapidly - this is your opportunity to join Opteon and be a part of
 its ongoing success. 
In addition, you will have the opportunity to:


Work on an innovative, industry renowned platform

Have exposure to both established and progressive technologies and platforms

Gain experience working within an agile and collaborative team

Work across a range of projects and BAU with exposure to web based and mobile application development.


For a confidential discussion regarding this position, please contact Cassandra Ellis, HR Business Partner on (03) 5249 4380 or cassandra.ellis@opteonsolutions.com.Web Developer
      
      
Our Vision

 

CPA Australia's Vision is to be known as the world's leading member service organisation, and with 160,000 members across 118 countries we are well positioned to make that vision a reality. 

CPA Australia is focused on delivering world class member services and driving the corporate plan to enhance the service offering and grow the membership base. Core services to members include education, training, technical support and advocacy.

 

The Role

 

We need an enthusiastic, skilled front-end developer to join our high-performing development team. You will need to live and breathe web design and development, keen to bring ideas and experience to the table.
Your day-to-day will involve:
• Participating on the delivery of new projects.
• Undertaking enhancements and resolving defects within the existing environments.
• Requirements gathering and problem solving
• Create UI mock-ups, proof of concepts and design options following CPA Brand requirements and industry best practices.
• Collaboration with technology and business colleagues.
• Learning new and exciting technologies.

 

Our technology stack includes:
• Sitecore
• Azure
• C# ASP.Net
• Web API
• BizTalk
• AngularJS
• jQuery
• Signal R

Reporting to the Development Lead, you will be a highly-skilled team-playing with a track record in delivering leading edge web applications and solutions. You will be pro-active, resilient & outcome-orientated and keen to learn. Your strong attention to
 detail, superior 'can do attitude' and ability to remain calm under pressure will ensure your success in this role.

 

Skills and Experience

 

To be considered you will need to meet the following criteria:


• Advanced HTML 5/CSS 3 skills and knowledge of the capabilities of today’s browsers.
• Experience and skills in JavaScript & CSS frameworks (such as AngularJS, jQuery, Bootstrap etc).
• Experience and skills in JavaScript testing frameworks
• Skilled in CSS pre-compilers (such as LESS, SASS etc.)
• Skilled in package managers & bundlers (such as Webpack / Browserify / Gulp etc).
• Experience with GIT and TFS or Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS).

 

Exposure and willingness to learn the following will be very advantageous:


• Experience with A/B testing using tools such as Optmisely
• Design principles and patterns.
• C# .NET, ASP.NET MVC, XML

If you are successful in this role you will have opportunities for growth and career development through regular coaching and training to ensure your skills are second to none. You will have access to CPA Australia's employee benefits, which provide special
 offers for products and services such as health insurance, home loans, credit cards and publications.

 

At CPA Australia people are at the heart of what we do. We promote and encourae a diverse and inclusive workplace where everyone can be their best.Front End React Developer
      
      
      
      
        Global Leader in FinTech
        
        Fantastic Melbourne CBD Location
        
        $80-130k + Super + Bonus + Training Budget + Flexi Time
        
      
      Join a true Aussie success story as they look to completely revolutionise their client facing web and mobile applications used worldwide by over 250,000 customers daily. 
 
Responsibilities:

You will be working on a massive greenfield project ausing cutting edge front end (React.js and React Native) technologies and agile practices. This is a newly created position in a company that is renown for its innovation in an industry that is fast-paced
 and poses the challenges of a global 24/7 operation (don't worry, the role is 9 to 5, Monday to Friday) with a complex back-end. 

To be considered you should have the following skill-set:

Expert knowledge of JavaScript (ES6) Commercial experience with ReactJS Jquery / NodeJS / Webpack A passion for problem-solving and researching new technologies Experience developing using agile/lean software development methodologies Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 
To register your interest, click the APPLY button below. Bonus points for a link to your website or Bitbucket/GitHub/Stack Overflow account. If this role isn't quite right for you but you are passionate about front-end development, I would still love to hear
 from you.

Matt Angell
matthew@preactarecruitment.com | www.preactarecruitment.com
      
      Matt Angell
        
        
        Preacta is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and Staffing Agency,
        and we encourage people of all races, sex, age, and disabilities to
        apply for positions both with ourselves and our clients.Specialist Automation Tester
      
      
SENIOR AUTOMATION TESTER - WEB/MOBILE

Experience in testing web and mobile applications Strong understanding of API Testing (Mocha) experience with Calabash automation Experience working in agile environments with maturing TDD, BDD
 
Requirements
 

Experience in testing web and mobile applications Zealous attention on quality & automation Experienced in performance and scalability testing Strong understanding of scripting languages such as JavaScript, Python and Ruby
Demonstrated background of following Agile best practices Experience in CI/CD environments using tools such as Jenkins / TeamCity / Bamboo
UI automation testing (HTML and JavaScript) API testing - Mocha BDD - Cucumber / Calabash Commercial experience of open source testing tools and implementations  ALM / Quality Center Excellent communication skills
 
If you would like to be considered for this opportunity, please submit your CV & Cover Letter in
Word Format only by clicking on APPLY NOW quoting
Reference Number: 2003889Senior Software Engineer (Front End)
      
      
•Are you a creative, original thinker looking for the next challenge?
•Would you like to work in the largest innovation group in Australia?
•Join Data61 at CSIRO - Australia's premier science & technology research organisation
The Position
We have an exciting new opportunity to join the Data Science Platforms team in Data61. We are currently designing and building a new graph analytics platform that will have real impact for Australia. We are seeking a creative, original thinker to join our
 team as a senior front end engineer to help to provide elegant solutions to unsolved problems. We work in an open, collaborative environment with flexible working hours where people can take ownership of their area, experiment with new technologies, and can
 learn and grow to their full potential.
Location:      Canberra, ACT or Eveleigh, NSW
Salary:          $106K - $124K pa plus up to 15.4% superannuation
Tenure:        specified term of 3 years
Reference:  42561
To be successful you will need:
•A Bachelor degree in a scientific or engineering discipline such as Computer Science or equivalent commercial experience in software engineering.
•Knowledge of algorithms and data structures.
•Ability to think creatively and prototype new ideas.
• Experience with two or more of the following web technologies: JavaScript, CSS, HTML5, SVG, ES6, PureScript, TypeScript, NodeJS.
•Experience with one or more front-end frameworks: React, Redux, Angular, D3, Bulma, Foundation, etc
• Experience with one or more front-end build tools: Browserify, Grunt, Gulp, Webpack, Babel, etc
•Ability to take ownership of their project, provide technical direction, and present their ideas and foster creativity in others
•The ability to collaborate and grow with a multi-disciplinary, regionally dispersed research and engineering team.
Who we are: The Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) 
AT CSIRO WE INVENT THE FUTURE
 We do this by using science and technology to solve real issues. Our solutions make a difference to industry, people and the planet.
As Australia's national science agency, we've been pushing the edge of what's possible for almost 90 years. Today we have thousands of talented people working across Australia and internationally. Our people work closely with industry and communities to
 leave a lasting legacy. Collectively, our innovation and excellence places us in the top ten applied research agencies in the world.
WE COLLABORATE TO INNOVATE
We work flexibly at CSIRO, offering a range of options for how, when and where you work. Talk to us about how this role could be flexible for you. 
Find out more here!: 
Balance
Our commitment to you
CSIRO's Data61 offers an open and supportive workplace, where employee wellbeing is a top priority. We are committed to providing a diverse and inclusive workplace by focusing on gender equality, support and development of women in leadership, increasing the
 employment of Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders whilst supporting the LGBTI community and other diverse backgrounds.
CSIRO's Data61 offers a range of flexible working opportunities, including part-time and job share arrangements, to provide you with work/life balance. We emphasise an individual's growth and development which is supported by interacting and learning from world
 leading scientists and engineers, who provide the opportunity to challenge, transform and innovate new ideas.
CSIRO's Data61 is committed to sourcing the brightest and best talent to become part of the Data61 family that contributes to creating Australia's data driven future.

How to Apply: Please provide enough information relevant to the selection criteria for this position to enable the assessment panel to determine your suitability, and upload ONE document containing your CV/resume and cover letter.

Before applying please view the full position details and selection criteria here:

Position Details
Applications Close:  11:59pm AEST, 2 August 2017SENIOR AUTOMATION TESTER - WEB/MOBILE
    
    
      Experience in testing web and mobile applications
      
      Strong understanding of OOP development practices and experience with C#, Java
      
      Demonstrated experience working in agile environments with maturing TDD, BDD
      
    
     
Requirements

Experience in testing web and mobile applications Passionate towards quality & automation Dedicated Automation experience in UI and Integration testing (API, Contract, Component)
Proven experience in defining Automation strategies across a variety of web and mobile platforms both on premise and in the cloud
Strong Hands on experience in building test Automation Frameworks from the ground up using tools such as Selenium and Cucumber
Demonstrated ability and willingness to coach, train and share knowledge and expertise
Experienced in continuous integration and continuous delivery Demonstrated experience working in agile environments with maturing TDD, BDD aligned teams
Experienced in performance and scalability testing Strong understanding of OOP development practices and experience with C#, Java
Strong understanding of scripting languages such as JavaScript, Python and Ruby
Exceptional communication and relationship building skills Experience working with globally distributed teams Work with product and engineering teams to evaluate current automation gaps and design a road-map to address gaps

For more information please call Qamran on 03-96044814 for a confidential discussion about the role and client.
    
    Qamran
03-96044814About Us

We provide loss management, risk assessment and technical advice to the business and insurance communities.

Our award-winning online services are innovative and designed specifically for the insurance industry. For a brief overview of our current services, please visit www.LMIGroup.com.

What we're looking for

We're looking for a talented and passionate developer to join our growing web development team at our head office in Camberwell. You will be involved in the ongoing development of our suite of insurance based web applications.
You will be able to clearly demonstrate how you love tech, and keep yourself up to date with what's going on in the industry and be able to demonstrate a continuous learning mindset, in which you are always looking to learn and develop your skills further.

Your responsibilities will include:

Understand our existing system, including data flow, UI logic, database structure, etc.
Build features under the guidance of senior developers Create documentation
 
The required skill sets you will need include:

Experience with ASP.net, C# Experience with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript Understanding of web component concept Understanding of REST API Working knowledge of version control systems, preferably Git Communication skills
 
Other preferred skills:

Experience with open source projects Experience on single page application using Angular2 or React

You must also have the right to live and work in Australia.

        
        
          If this role sounds like you and you want to work in a creative environment, with a great team, then apply today by submitting a covering letter and C.V to employmenthr@LMIgroup.com.Head of IT
    
    

Line management and personal development of a team of highly skilled developers.
Managing the delivery of multiple complex simultaneous system development projects from design through to release.
Capable of understanding and contributing to the technical solution from design through to code level (creating wireframes and documentation).
Working closely with Developers and Business Analysts to produce accurate delivery estimates and manage the transition from analysis through to design and delivery.
Provide regular and effective progress updates to and work closely with Development Project Managers to ensure the management of any delivery risks or issues.
Define delivery phases of the project including activities, sub-activities, and milestones ensuring these are documented and used as the basis for the project event log, issues and risk log and any subsequent reporting.
Ensure awareness, involvement and support from the key stakeholders and participants by building strong project teams and maintaining robust communication on the project status throughout its life cycle.
Participate in reviews and meetings and provide updates on project progress. Take responsibility for ensuring that risks and issues are identified and managed closely and drive all stakeholders to deliver on time and to the required quality standards.
Work closely with relevant teams internally to ensure alignment and coordination across operations as part of the seamless implementation of existing and new systems.
Contributing to post implementation reviews helping to demonstrate success or otherwise of projects.
Supporting project resource scheduling and department capacity planning Contribution to the definition of departmental and systems strategies and progression of any allocated objectives.
Ownership, development and management of allocated departmental processes. Undertake small analysis projects in the form of consultancy. Work on a wide range of projects involving the implementation of new and existing systems, solutions and processes.
Software design. Coding, Testing, Delivery. Delegate tasks and assign responsibilities where applicable. Technical Support.  Resolve any issues not resolved but QA team.  Project planning (technical resources / creating tasks / assigning resources).
Infrastructure provision, maintenance and planning as required. PCI Compliance.  Monitor logs to identify security or other potential issues.
 
Additional Responsibilities 
· Production database changes
· Production server support 

Skills Required
- Excellent communicator who is fluent in English (written and verbal) 
- Previous experience working from home 
- A lateral thinker and problem solver 
- 5+ years commercial experience with C#
- Strong in ASP.NET MVC5
- Strong ASP.NET Web API
- MSSQL >=2012 
- Frontend JavaScript frameworks, HTML5, CSS3
- IIS, AWS 
- Ability to develop using minimalist specifications
 
Nice to have
- ReactJS
- .Net Core
- NodeJS
If this sounds like you Apply NOW!!Full Stack Developer (Java)
      
      
        Work as part of an autonomous team on greenfield projects
        
        Join a innovation business operating on a global scale
        
        As part of a tech agnostic team have your say on tooling 
        
      
      
This is an opportunity to join a unique business, solving a worldwide problem utilising technology to build bespoke systems on a global scale. This role will suit an engineer who is a bigger picture type thinker, someone who wants to make an impact and is
 happy to be involved in all areas of creating software including, developer, deployment and support.


Responsibilities:

Development and support of in-house developed systems in several languages andframeworks to deliver functionality to both internal and external stakeholdersWorking with various stakeholders to understand needs and architect and build solutions.Configuration, support and integration with various software systems.Identifying areas for automation and process improvement across the business.Serving requests for data, and training or development to allow self-service where possible.Maintaining and improving systems and infrastructure to keep systems running well.

Ideal requirements: 

Ability to gather requirements from technical and non-technical people to design and guide solutions to meet their needs.Hunger to continually learn, understand and improve.3+ years commercial programming experienceJava full stack experience including HTML/CSS/JavaScriptFamiliar with microservices architecture Database structure and design experience.Ability to pick up new languages/frameworks when neededExperience working in an agile environment, following TDD and BDD practicesASX 100 Corporate looking for a Business Analyst to join one of its premier Development teams. Great culture and long term growth opportunities.
Role:

The role has arisen as a critical position in a large application and web development team. Working for one of Australia's leading corporates the Business Analyst will be accountable for liasing with the Business and ensuring delivery of requirements on a number
 of large upcoming projects. The ideal candidate will possess a solid history of working with web-based applications, process improvement initatives and digital development teams.


Requirements:

Collect, analyse and document business requirements for new and existing products, business monitoring, process improvement and operational efficiencyWork with stakeholders & developers to facilitate user sessions to obtain business requirements and prepare use casesWork with developers to translate business requirements and use cases into technical implementation designLiaise with other teams to provide proactive assistance and guidance to ensure solutions are developed that meet business requirementsAssist in project scopingPrepare documentationDrive and manage end to end system implementationsActively participate in testing of systems and applications to ensure requirements are metAssess business implications of systems deployments and changesPrepare training manuals and deliver user training
Requirements:

5 Years experience as a Business AnalystMinimum 2 years web-based application experienceKnowledge of enterprise application technologies e.g. web services, XML, DB, front-end web development e.g. HTML, CSS, JavaScript.Good interpersonal skills and ability to communicate at all levels, in both verbal and written form
High-level of initiative, good skills in personal work organisation.

To apply please click apply or call Stefan Kovacevic on 02 8289 3100 for a confidential discussion..NET Developer C#ASP.NET MVC
      
      
We currently have an opportunity for a Full Stack Senior .NET developer to join a midsize successful business in Melbourne.
Join a friendly and approachable technical team where you will be self- managed and not afraid to put in the hard yards. This I a real opportunity to shine and grow in rapidly expanding business


• C#, ASP.NET
• MVC3+ Framework
• JavaScript / jQuery / Angular
• SQL Server
• EF (Entity Framework)
• Bootstrap/ CSS/ LESS
• Web API / JSON
• LINQ

We are looking for around 4-5 years development experience in C# and the ability to demonstrate web development projects that you have been involved in.
You will have experience working with SQL server and development and have a genuine interest in Cloud Development - AWS.

This is a platform to step up and advance your career, with interesting projects a good culture to perform and above market rate salary offered.Health & Public Services - Pega Mobile Developer
      
      
Accenture Technology
Health & Public Services - Pega Mobile Developer
Are you passionate about cutting-edge technologies?
Shape your skills with our global technology team
Do you want to develop your technology skills within a global team? With Accenture Technology you will have the chance to combine your deep technology expertise and industry-specific insights to transform our clients' ability to achieve their business outcomes.
 You will assess, define, implement and/or support world-class solutions for our clients, spanning simple IT projects to large-scale, enterprise-level change programs.
Accenture Technology
As one of the world's largest independent providers of technology services, at Accenture Technology you will help provide our clients with a full range of innovative technology solutions, as well as proven consulting and outsourcing services, to help them
 become more successful. From the development of IT strategy to the optimisation, management and security of the underlying infrastructure, applications and data, you will have the opportunity to impact our clients' success.
Key responsibilities:


In depth hands on development experience in implementing PEGA applications (over 3 to 5 years)

In depth hands on development and solution experience in using Pega 7x features (at least 2 implementation)

Must be a Pega certified CCSA/LSA (version 7) and have a good knowledge of Java frameworks

Experience working on Pega frameworks and customization

In depth hands on experience building activities, data transform, business rules, reports, data collections and UI experience in creating harness, portals

Extensive experience in Pega integration using RESTful calls, SSO integration, Java API

Technical knowledge of mobile application development and clear understanding of modern software development principles

Strong knowledge of UI/UX design principles, patterns, and best practices

Strong competencies in data structures, algorithms and software design optimized for embedded systems

Extensive years of iOS development experience in Objective-C language in a commercial environment

Commercial development experience Node.js, JavaScript and Adobe Cordova

Extensive iOS Development, iOS SDK, Objective C, and OO Programming

Extensive Experience with web services standards and related technologies (HTTP, XML, JSON, REST, SOAP, WS*)

Experience in Java, J2EE, IIS, .NET and SOA technologies including SOAP web services, messaging, Apache, JBoss, ASP.NET

Experience in any of the RDBMS tools like Oracle, DB2 or Sybase is a plus

Experience in Agile and Scrum methodologies

Proven experience in all phases of software development including design, configuration, testing, debugging, implementation, and support of large-scale, business centric and process based applications

Qualifications:


PEGA CCSA/LSA Certification

Java Certification

Andriod / IOS Developer

About Accenture
At Accenture, we can help you build the career you dream of. Our success relies on ensuring our people enjoy the inspiring challenges, exceptional experience and flexibility they need to succeed at every stage of their career.
As a leading professional services company with more than 375,000 people working across 120 countries, your career can take many exciting paths spanning digital, strategy, consulting, technology and operations.
As part of a global diverse workforce you will help organisations across every industry imaginable improve the way they work. Join us and let challenging, interesting and enjoyable work become part of daily life.The ideal candidate will have a good eye for a design, a strong interest and knowledge of a variety of JavaScript frameworks as well as impeccable time management skills.
 
We work with a broad range of clients; each with a different look and feel - meaning no two jobs are the same. We are leaders within our field, keen to push both our personal development and the boundaries of the industry. We want to be forerunners in technology
 trials and continue to add outstanding pieces of creative work to our existing portfolio.
 
Lash is a laid back, small agency making big waves in the digital realm. We are looking for someone to join the ranks seamlessly; someone who is able to work effectively with both the design team and the existing development team. We work hard to maintain
 and deliver unrivalled, quality work to our clients but also believe in balance and culture. Team lunches occur every Friday as well as out of office drinks, education and team building weekends.
 
Requirements:
- Minimum 2 years' of solid experience in Front-End Development
- Relevant qualification in IT
- HTML5 and CSS3
- Experience in AngularJS and other JavaScript frameworks
- Must have a good attitude and willingness to learn.
 
Bonus, but not required:
- Agency experience
- Animation Experience
- Academic Experience in Database
- Understanding one of the Server Side languages (.Net, node, PHP, etc.)
- A strong eye for user interaction experience and design.
- Mobile App experience(iOS or Android)
 
Skills & Traits:
Confident - You must be confident in what you do and a leader in this space.
Organised & focused - Very strong attention to detail & excellent organisational skills.
Fast learner - Able to quickly pick up new concepts and ideas and run at pace with them independently.
Ambitious & reflective - Want to learn and grow. Pays attention to details and think about the implications of what the work being undertaken.
Tech savvy - Enthusiastic about technology, a passion for innovation and new ideas.
 
If we have just described you above, and Lash Creative sounds like the type of environment you want to work in, please submit your CV and a cover letter detailing your experience and why you would suit this role.Developer Lead
      
      
Our Vision

CPA Australia's Vision is to be known as the world's leading member service organisation, and with 160,000 members across 118 countries we are well positioned to make that vision a reality. 

CPA Australia is focused on delivering world class member services and driving the corporate plan to enhance the service offering and grow the membership base. Core services to members include education, training, technical support and advocacy.

 

The Role

We need an enthusiatic, technically strong lead developer to join our small, high performing team. You will be a passionate technologist who has a proven track record of delivery, ready to both lead the team and roll your sleeves up when needed.

Your day to day will involve:


Working closely with the business to set and deliver on development strategy.
Interacting with the Architecture and Development team to design and build solutions fit for purpose.
Planning and delivery of production enhancements and resolving defects in the existing environment.
Problem solving.
Learning and staying current with new and exciting technologies.
Collabrating with technology and business stakeholders where needed.

 

Our technology stack includes:


C# ASP.NET
Sitecore
Azure
Web API
BizTalk
Angular JS
JQuery
Signal R

This is a fantastic opportunity to join the CPA Australia Technology team, we are seeking a highly skilled team player with a track record in delivering leading solutions. You will be proactive, resilient and outcome orientated and keen to learn and stay
 abreast of new technolgies. Your strong attention to detail, superior can do attitude and ability to remain calm under pressure will ensure your success in this role.

 

Skills and Experience

To be considered you will need to meet the following criteria:

 


Strong C#.Net development skills (C#.NET, ASP.NET MVC, XML).
Excellent object-oriented design patterns and principles.
Broad development-stack knowledge including with demonstrated experience in at least some of; web, API, services, Dynamics CRM, BizTalk and asynchronous integration best-practices.
Skilled in GIT and TFS or Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS).
Experience and knowledge of JavaScript & CSS frameworks (such as AngularJS, jQuery, Bootstrap etc).
Experience and knowledge of JavaScript testing frameworks.
Experience and knowledge of CSS pre-compilers (such as LESS, SASS etc.).
Experience and knowledge of package managers & bundlers (such as Webpack / Browserify / Gulp etc).
Experience in Microsoft Azure stack is beneficial

 

If you are successful in this role you will have opportunities for growth and career development through regular coaching and training to ensure your skills are second to none. You will have access to CPA Australia's employee benefits, which provide special
 offers for products and services such as health insurance, home loans, credit cards and publications.

At CPA Australia people are at the heart of what we do. We promote and encourae a diverse and inclusive workplace where everyone can be their best.
Frontend Developer / Web Developer
      
      
        Multi award-winning global media advertising giant
        
        Work across multiple projects with latest FE tech
        
        Attractive salary, perks and career-path are guaranteed
        
      
      
This multi award-winning Digital Media Giant with offices in 10 major cities across the globe is seeking the services of a highly talented Frontend Developer / Web Developer to join their rapidly expanding team.
 
The successful Frontend Developer / Web Developer will be responsible for a range of projects including the implementation of user interfaces in browsers and other devices. 
 
To be considered for this exciting career-growth opportunity, you must possess the following skills/experience:


3-4 years minimum commercial experience as a Frontend Developer / Web Developer 
Cross platform HTML5 and CSS3 development experience Solid experience in Responsive web design Email Direct Marketing (EDMs; HTML emails) JavaScript development experience Previous experience in Framework-based development (AngularJS, JQuery) Previous experience working with PHP and related back-end technologies Source control experience - Git Flawless communication skills are essential 
If you are a talented Frontend Developer / Web Developer possessing all of the requisite skills, seeking an opportunity to join this global media giant, please apply with your latest resume to jobs@pbisearch.com.au immediately.  Interviewing now for an
 immediate start!  


      
      Suite 206, 83 York Street, Sydney NSW 2000
        Telephone: 02 8014 8959
        Fax 02 8275 8877Senior Microsoft Dynamics CRM Developer / Architect
      
      
        Microsoft Gold Partner offering training on all the latest MS products
        
        State-of-the-art offices in the heart of the Sydney CBD
        
        Attractive salary, perks and career-growth guaranteed
        
      
      This multi award-winning Consultancy with offices in the heart of the Sydney CBD are seeking the services of a highly experienced Microsoft Dynamics CRM Architect / Practice Lead to join their rapidly expanding dynamic team. 
 
The successful Microsoft Dynamics CRM Architect / Practice Lead will be a leading position in a new CRM Practice in a well-established Microsoft Gold Partner Systems Integrator based in Sydney. This presents an opportunity for the right person to take on the
 role of Architect/Functional Consultant with the view of moving into a Practice Lead in the near future upon demonstration of your ability to help grow a new Dynamics CRM Practice.
 
To be considered for this exciting career-growth opportunity, you must possess the following skills/experience:   

• Minimum 5 years of experience as a Microsoft Dynamics CRM Developer/Architect
• Formal business analysis and CRM accreditation preferred
• Hands-on Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2013 and 2016 and CRM Online design, development experience (ASP.Net, C#, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript)
• Proven experience in developing Dynamics CRM custom workflows, plug-in creation, and creation of custom integration solutions with third-party vendors
• Ability to take a consultative approach, to understand client requirements and offer ongoing support
• High level communication skills, demonstrating an ability to communicate at the technical, business and personal levels (both written & verbal)
• Previous system integration experience, including data migration
• Demonstrated experience as a Business Analyst or Functional Consultant.
• Functional experience implementing CRM
• Experienced providing detailed, high quality documentation.

If you are a highly experience Microsoft Dynamics CRM Architect / Practice Lead possessing all the requisite skills and seeking an opportunity to join a MS Gold Partnering Consultancy, working across brand-new and existing client projects, please apply with
 your latest resume in Word format to jobs@pbisearch.com.au immediately and one of our friendly consultants will call you as soon as possible.  Interviewing now!
      
      Suite 206, 83 York Street, Sydney NSW 2000
        Telephone: 02 8014 8959
        Fax 02 8275 8877About the business and the role
LBT improves patient outcomes by making healthcare more effective. We develop automated products that use intelligent imaging and machine learning to improve healthcare delivery.
In 2018, LBT will be launching the most advanced microbiology plate reading instrument cleared by the FDA. We require a software development team leader to join our team and contribute to bringing this and future instruments to market.
The software development team leader will be responsible for all software development activities within LBT. This is a key function and involves both leadership of internal and external resources and hands on activities. The software is for medical devices
 and for systems that support the development of medical devices, and must follow regulated processes compatible with IEC 62304 and TIR36.
The software development team leader will be expected to establish compliant development processes and to build a software development team which he or she will then manage.


Job tasks and responsibilities
Key responsibilities include:

Recruiting and developing a software development team;Implementation of good project management principles;Maintaining open and collaborative communication with all LBT partners;Development of compliant software development processes.
Some travel within Australia and overseas may be required.


Skills and experience
Personal skills requirements:

People management skills; including notable experience in managing software developers;An understanding of quality systems and regulated software development;Experience in developing software architectures, requirements specifications and verification and validation protocols;Proficient in C++ development and preferably other languages;Experience in a range of different software technologies including web technologies (HTML5, JavaScript, PHP), Linux, scripting languages (Python, Bash) and various development tools (Make Visual Studio);An understanding of image processing and machine learning would be advantageous.


Job benefits and perks
An attractive salary package will be offered to the right candidate.


        
        
          Applicants should send their CV to info@lbtinnovations.com
Applications close at 5.00pm AEDT, Monday 7 August 2017.Java - Full Stack Java Engineer - Banking, Microservices, AWS
      
      About the Company
This is one of the most dynamic banking companies who work with the latest tech using Agile methods. 
 
The Engineering Crew
The already large engineering team is expanding. Working in highly Agile scrum teams using CI/CD deployment in different teams of 10. Integrating across the board fluently with other teams. 

The Gig
Working with the latest tech and leading the banking world from the front. You will be an excellent problem solver who has an interest in delivering the best quality results and constantly learning to improve your abilities. Working in a TDD environment
 and building Java applications on to AWS.  

About You
For this role you will display a strong sense of ownership, motivation, and attention to detail.  You sincerely care about writing clean code and you want to work with others with the same mindset and attributes. 

What technology you already need to know well:
Java
Microservices 
Object Oriented Programming 
Spring MVC
Test Driven Development (JUnit)
Continuous integration 
Continuous deployment
RESTful APIs 
Agile / Scrum
Exceptional Communication Skills
Linux
Exposure to any modern JavaScript framework
Angular.js - Preferred 

Job Features and Benefits
Get exposure to AWS and learn on the job
Work with smart engineers in a true Agile environment
Flexible working hours - its all about the delivery 
Great daily rates
      
      Ged Wilson
+61 2 8076 9467AEM Project Manager
      
      

Lead and manage the planning and delivery of critical, highly complex and/or large projects. Manage permanent and/or ad hoc teams to ensure project outcomes are achieved. Develop and implement project management plans to ensure the success of the project. Regularly
 communicate with key stakeholders to ensure project outcomes are met.


The focus is on projects to automate workflows using AEM tools.
  
Essential Skills required:

Adobe Experience Manager Business Process Automation and Management Workflow and Forms Digital transformation SCRUM, Agile 
Technical experience exposure:

Servlet and JSP development CSS, JavaScript, HTML AJAX/JQuery/EXTJS OSGi/FELIX Web Services creation and consumption CMS development Java Content Repository Nice-to-haves: Eclipse IDE, Maven, SVN, Jenkins, Artifactory, Apache Sling, Lucene,
Tomcat/JBoss, Apache web server, analytics tagging. 
  Please do contact Kavena at krama@genesisit.com.auIf you love JavaScript and are feeling underused, think about moving somewhere that's delivering some of the best mobile work in Australia.
Creative Licence Digital is a multi-award winning mobile development studio in sunny Sydney. We have a great reputation within Australia as leaders in web platforms across multiple devices.
You will be working with leading edge technology in an environment where innovation is everywhere.
You will work in a great stack across a variety of industries which means you are exposed to a host of different projects, all of which have their challenges and unique solutions for you to uncover. We are a small office with a big presence - we have a sister
 office in NYC and all of our clients are multinationals.
The person we're looking for bridges the creative and technical aspects of project delivery. You will need to have come from a strong background in web application development, using HTML5, CSS, JavaScript and OO architectures, and love styling beautiful
 apps.
In terms of experience, ideally we are looking for someone with:
- Expert HTML, CSS (CSS Preprocessors, SASS, Jade)
- Expert JavaScript and knowledge of frameworks/libraries such as Backbone, React, React-native etc and building for Android and IOS
- Strong knowledge of ES6, TypeScript advantageous and you keep ahead of latest developments in JS.
- Comfortable using Sketch, Photoshop or Illustrator to adapt and work with designers.
- Pro-active and able to ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs, you will be working closely with a great team of designers.
- Strong knowledge of NodeJS, our stack runs on Node.
- Knowledge of CI Tools and build process (Grunt, Gulp, Unit tests, etc.) 
- Knowledge of non-relational databases (MongoDB)
Why work at Creative Licence?
• You will be exposed to a variety of projects. You won't get bored here working on or iterating on the same code base. Every month or so it's a different client, new team, new challenge.
• CLD is just one of a handful of companies recognised in Australia as a member of the Apple Consultants Network - you will enjoy a close relationship with Telco's and device manufacturers.
• We are professional and yet very fun with some of the most talented team in the mobile business.
• We have a great office vibe with casual dress, music and Friday afternoon drinks. We are located on the beach yet are only 18mins from Circular Quay (centre of Sydney) via ferry.
Our work receives rave reviews. We have seen countless Mobie's and have been an AIMIA finalist.
Check out #cldmanly and #cldnyc on Instagram to see what the team gets up to.Senior Java Developer 497
    
    
    

Gold Coast – Queensland Small expanding team Experience in large application design
Our client provides a cloud-based SaaS solution to clients throughout Australia and New Zealand. The company has tripled its employees in the past few years and focuses on stability, code quality and clean architecture. They need a talented Java Developer
 to join a team to work on  a REST API Java backend using a NoSQL graph database. The right person will have extensive experience on large, complex, ERP-style applications and have a culture of delivering on time every time.
Is this you? 

Do you take responsibility and ownership? 7 years experience in software design and development Expert in core Java and up to date with latest frameworks REST API development and specification Backend experience with AWS, DevOps, Linus Experience with frameworks and tools such as Spring, Gradle, GitHub Agile development Excellent communication skills
Other valuable skills which are desirable:

Experience designing, maintaining and documenting publicly accessible APIs Experience performance testing, tuning and monitoring Experience with web security and access control Neo4j or other NoSQL databases Node.js, React and Reflux experience PHP, Javascript, CSS and HTML, Bootstrap and jQuery experience Experience writing and maintaining both internal, technical documentation, as well as client-facing, support / training documentation
The Team
They have some of the most talented, responsible developers you'll come across. The company is high-profile and they have the experience and funding to maintain their rapid but responsible growth. Run by some young and agile directors, the company has gone
 from strength to strength. They are growing rapidly but responsibly and foster a culture of great respect. While there may be a lot of pressure at times, the culture stays one of support and celebrating success.
Please submit your CV in Word format via Seek or if needed, give Janet Streczynski
a call on 0428 444 776.PHP Developer
      
      
        Attractive salary, perks and career-growth is guaranteed
        
        Learn latest technologies (training budget for all technical staff)
        
        Fast-track into leadership role
        
      
      
This rapidly expanding Venture Marketing agency is searching for a talented and enthusiastic PHP Developer to join their growing team in Melbourne.  


Working alongside 30+ staff across Melbourne and Sydney you will develop world-class web applications and more for a local and global portfolio of clients.  

The successful PHP Developer will possess the following skills/experience:

4+ years proven experience working as a PHP Developer 4+ years experience coding websites and digital marketing experiences Solid frontend skills - HTML, CSS, JavaScript etc Experience across a broad range of technologies (VueJS is highly benefcial) Enjoy collaborating with designers, developers and strategists Big agency experience a plus 
If you are a highly experienced PHP Developer possessing all the requisite skills, seeking an opportunity to develop world-class web applications for local and international brands, please apply with your latest resume to jobs@pbisearch.com.au immediately.
   Interviewing now!  

      
      Suite 206, 83 York Street, Sydney NSW 2000
        Telephone: 02 8014 8959
        Fax 02 8275 8877Full Stack .Net - Well known Australian Household Name
      
      About the Company
This is a very well know Australian household name who have locations across all major cities. There has been major and consistent growth within the company and we have helped to shape the team structure over the years. We are helping to expand the
 team further with 3 new hires. 

The Engineering Crew
We are looking for problem solvers. If you want to think outside of the box, strive to work with great tech in a challenging environment that promotes personal growth, then this is for you.
The Engineering team are strong believers in Agile environments. These agile teams run with a dedicated scrum master working on a range of complex projects with the ultimate behemoth being the web app that gets tens of millions of monthly active users.  

The Gig
This is an opportunity to work on a huge multimillion dollar digital transformation within a fully agile team that uses the latest technologies and prides themselves on delivering the highest quality. You can have flexible working and get to interact with some
 of the best tech minds in Australia. 
This is a one off opportunity to work in one of the BEST .Net teams in Sydney. There is a emphasis on the quality of code produced. You'll be given the time to create masterpieces and you'll be given to go about it your way. 

About You
For this role will display a strong sense of ownership, motivation, and attention to detail.  You sincerely care about writing clean code and you want to work with others with the same mindset and attributes. 

Key Skills 

Web Api  ASP.Net SQL  Azure HTML, CSS, Javascript  Angular 2  Microservices 
  
Interviews taking place this week so APPLY NOW!.Net Technical Lead
    
    
The Tech 
Your team will be responsible for a complex array of systems, services, tools and reports that control all aspects for the platform.
The platform is built upon a large scale distributed microservices architecture with AngularJS, C#, SQLServer, PostgreSQL in the stack, plus a powerful data processing backend built on an AWS Redshift data warehouse cluster. You will employ DDD, CQRS & Event
 Sourcing, message queuing and Event Stream Processing and Cloud patterns in your daily challenges.
We're big on Agile development, microservices, DevOps and automation, CI/CD etc. We love new and interesting tech. Never because it's shiny - but because it helps us solve problems.
REQUIREMENTS

Proven technical and team leadership skills Bachelor degree preferred, professional qualification certification or equivalent experience
Minimum 5 years hands-on C# experience, async/await, Linq, ASP.NET MVC framework
Commercial experience with Event Stream Processing or CQRS architectures NuGet package eco-system Dependency injection C# unit test skills Experience with message queuing architectures Experience in database design and query performance tuning A demonstrable knowledge of data structures and basic algorithms
NICE TO HAVE

Amazon Web Service (Lambda, Kinesis, RedShift, CloudFormation, DynamoDB) Browser end debugging skills (network traffic, JavaScript debugging) HTTP protocol, Rest API, WebHook Source control skills (Git, GitHub, BitBucket)
BENEFITS

Working alongside some of the best and brightest software engineers Job related training inhouse and support for external training Global network with unlimited growth opportunities Employee share scheme giving employees a financial stake in the business Health and wellness initiatives Company gathering and celebration 3 times a year Staff awards program; Generous staff referral program
IF THIS SOUNDS LIKE YOU APPLY NOW!!!Senior Front-end Developer/Designer (UX/UI)
          
          
One of Australia’s leading Medical organisations currently have an opening for a Senior Developer/Designer in the Front-end and UX/UI space.

What’s involved?

This is a brand-new role that will be sitting between the software and data science team working on Greenfield projects to create products based around leading edge data insights in one of Australia’s most dynamic and innovative companies.

What should you have?

+5 years’ commercial experience in Front-end design and development in technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript.
Solid knowledge and experience of UX and UI.
Experience and knowledge of Design and Development.
Strong ability to understand and communicate ideas between cross-functioning teams.
Must have the rights to work in Australia.

What’s in it for you!

Chance to work on multiple Greenfield projects
Opportunity to work on the latest technologies
Great team culture and brand new offices
Excellent career progression
There’s plenty more to mention so for further information send in a copy of your CV or get in touch with Cameron on: 0282467708

          
          Our purpose 'Helping Talent Achieve' 
          02 82467777
            www.precisionsourcing.com.au
            Level 5, 8 Spring Street, Sydney, NSW 2000Technical Lead
      
      
Our client is a Brisbane based Wearables technology company with a unique product that combines software systems with smart electronics.  They have won a number of  international awards for their "Cool" Wearable products.
They are currently experiencing significant growth and looking to expand their local R&D team.  
This is a senior position, with the successful candidate setting the technical direction for future product releases and developing the technical roadmap for the cloud hosted solution, whilst  remaining "hands on".    You will be developing web applications,
 API's and services to run within AWS infrastructure.  
To be considered, you will require solid commercial experience and a proven track record in the following areas:

Python or Java or Scala development Web development skills (HTML, CSS, Javascript) Understanding of varied data storage technologies (MySQL, Redis, Aurora) Understanding of a variety of architecture approaches (microservices, serverless, lambda architecture)
Familiarity with AWS services Active practitioner of agile engineering and delivery practices such as TDD, BDD, CI, CD and lover of automation
Previous experience in a technical leadership role. 
For more information, please contact Jodie O'Keefe of Smart Technology Recruitment on 0419 749 400 Quoting Reference Number: Q4794a or APPLY NOW.Join our small, focused team developing solutions predominantly for the financial and agricultural sectors. Our clients mainly include superannuation providers and banks.
We build innovative solutions that help the big institutions better engage their members/customers, and the focus is around financial literacy.
In this role, you will make a difference. You will be rewarded and you will be satisfied.
The role is to assist the servicing of our current clients (with existing products), and to help create new products and bring ideas to life. You will work alongside one of our senior programmers, ensuring a great learning environment. You will also be working
 alongside the Managing Director in terms of product innovation.
We are big on UX, code quality, automated testing, and pleasing our clients.
Embrace your passion as a developer - spend your day doing the job you love!
Essential requirements:

5+ years of complete software development life cycle experience Java EE enterprise development Familiar with web front-end development - JavaScript/HTML/CSS and other client-side technologies (one of the popular frameworks: Angular, React, Backbone etc)
HTML/CSS/SVG and other client-side technologies SQL proficiency Good understanding of the full-stack, including REST API's and testability Excellent communication skills Australian Residency Self-motivated with an eye on the 'big picture'
Highly regarded:

CDI JMS No-SQL XML, XSL-T, XSL-FO
The role will be based in the Brisbane office (Petrie Terrace). We offer a flexible work environment and we will offer a great future for the right person.

        
        
          Contact Tim Woodhouse - tim@avantek.com.auFront End Developer 
    
    
About the Team
Working as part of Digital Services Practice to help clients increase competitiveness through collaborations and innovations. We are now looking for a Front End Developer to work on a project that will impact over hundred thousands of users.
About the Role
You will be developing user interface components and implementing those following well-known JS workflows. You will work as part of a team to identify functional requirements, plan and implement solutions. Your key responsibilities include:

Translating designs and wireframes into high quality code Optimising components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers
Develop POC and prototypes for easy-to-navigate user interfaces of webpages with graphics, icons, and color schemes which match industry standards
Building reusable components and front-end libraries for future use 
Most importantly about you

Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience 4+ years of experience building large web-application from ground up 2+ years with client-side JavaScript framework Experience with Java, JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and any other technologies such as React, AngularJS, Backbone and Boostrap
Experience with Agile Scrum methodologies   Knowledge of Continuous Integration, Code Quality Management tools and SSO 
What we can offer you?
Working at Capgemini you'll find the rewards are more than just financial. Not only will you work alongside inspiring colleagues with a world of experience but you will also have access to great benefits including, salary continuance insurance, paid parental
 leave, education assistance, salary packaging, the ability to purchase additional leave, as well as, discounts on entertainment, financial and wellbeing services, travel and shopping.
About Capgemini
Capgemini is one of the world's foremost providers of consulting, technology, outsourcing services and local professional services. Present in over 40 countries with more than 180,000 people, the Capgemini Group helps its clients transform in order to improve
 their performance and competitive positioning.
Ranked among Ethisphere's 2015 Most Ethical Companies in the Word. Our seven values are at the heart of everything we do – Honesty, Boldness, Trust, Team Spirit, Freedom, Fun and Modesty.
If you believe you have “La Niaque” to go the extra mile, then apply by submitting your resume and cover letter.
Want to know more? To learn more about Capgemini and find out about what makes our people unique, log ontowww.capgemini.com.au
Proof of work entitlements and visa status will be required prior or at offer time. Successful applicants will be required to complete a Criminal Record and Reference checks prior to commencement of employment.Senior .Net Developer with Sitecore
      
      
        3 month contract with extension!
        
        Attractive daily rate
        
        Global digital company with amazing client portfolio
        
      
      

Due to client demand, this award-winning Global Digital Media Giant with state-of-the-art offices on the city-fringe are seeking the services of a highly skilled Senior .Net developer to strengthen their rapidly expanding team.
 
The successful Senior .Net developer will work alongside designers, developers, producers and account managers in the creation and production of greenfield interactive, online, mobile and broadcast technologies.  Projects are kicking off right now! 
 
To be considered for this exciting contract assignment, you must possess the following skills/experience:  


6+ years solid experience as a .Net Developer - C# ASP.Net  Database programming, configuration and management - MS SQL Previous experience working with Sitecore Advanced front-end skills - HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, XML, AJAX and more
Previous experience creating Web Services and API's Team player with flawless communication skills Previous experience in a digital agency / media giant will be highly advantageous although not essential
Client facing experience beneficial 
If you are a talented Senior .Net Developer with Sitecore, seeking an exciting contract assignment working across multiple greenfield projects for the digital media giant, please apply with your resume to jobs@pbisearch.com.au immediately.  Interviewing
 now! 



      
      Suite 206, 83 York Street, Sydney NSW 2000
        Telephone: 02 8014 8959
        Fax 02 8275 8877Senior Developer (Ruby on Rails)
      
      



Exciting opportunity for an experienced (RoR) Senior Developer within the recruitment technology industryCompetitive remuneration package, awesome benefits and an unrivalled cultureEnjoy the benefits that come from being a part of a well-funded, growing business




Your new company
Scout Talent accelerates and streamlines our clients' recruitment processes to save them time and ensure they see people first.
Scout Talent is a business and brand that sits under the Employment Office Group. EO is a long-established business with a zest for innovation. Both our products, and our sales and marketing tools, are top notch. Our training processes amaze and thrill new
 people starting their careers with us.
We offer innovative technology, built specifically for internal recruitment teams and powered by talent acquisition specialists who see the world the way our clients do.




Your new career
Scout Talent is looking for an experienced, versatile Ruby on Rails (RoR) Senior Developer to help us solve our client’s recruitment technology challenges. We want someone who is driven and passionate about maintenance, process automation and continuous
 integration.
As a RoR Developer with Scout Talent, you’ll be able to fully immerse yourself in a project and nail it. We provide our developers with autonomy and the freedom to use their initiative to propose new solutions and make their mark on our software. This is
 a role within a collaborative, solutions-focused team — a team that will be looking to you as the software engineering expert within the organisation.
Required skills and knowledge:

At least 3-5 years proven experience delivering on project outcomes for a business;Experience with RoR, AWS, JavaScript/JQuery and CSS;Familiarity with working in Agile methodology;A collaborative working approach;Knowledge of Phoenix/Elixir is a bonus!




What's in it for you?
You'll find your new role to be extremely enjoyable, varied and interesting. We have a close-knit team of professionals who enjoy each other's company as well as their interaction with clients from a wide variety of sectors and industries. Our open plan,
 spacious office enjoys full-length views of the Brisbane river and is located only a few minutes from the train, bus or City Cat terminal. We are really focused on the factors that keep our wonderful team happy - fresh fruit and snacks every day, good coffee
 on tap, Nutribullets with everything you could possibly want to put in them, social events, job security and real earning potential.
We pay above-market rates and will negotiate a remuneration package with the successful candidate, in line with their experience and skills.


Our organisational structure is egalitarian, flat, and built around small, supportive teams. Successful team members will also enjoy further opportunities to advance their career within Scout Talent by becoming Team Leaders or entering business
 ownership roles.JOIN OUR TEAM
      Senior Learning Designer
      
      

Macquarie is the university of pioneering minds. Globally recognised as one of Australia’s leading research universities, Macquarie is a place where extraordinary new possibilities come to light. We’ve helped people to hear, introduced wireless
 internet technology to the world and broken through traditional boundaries by appointing the Australia’s first female vice-chancellor.
At Macquarie you’ll join a vibrant community of diverse perspectives, all working towards a brighter future for our communities and our planet. Surrounded by beautiful parkland campus, our students and staff are free to explore and discover, supported by
 facilities including a high-tech library, private teaching hospital, gym and pools, childcare facilities, a campus train station and the newly expanded Macquarie Centre shopping complex next door.

In Macquarie's Faculty of Science and Engineering you'll join passionate researchers and educators blazing new trails in the spirit of discovery and exploration. Encouraged to think boldly, and supported by some of Australia's most outstanding facilities,
 brilliant minds converge in our faculty to create incredible new possibilities: the world's first attempt to synthesize complex life, the creation of Wi-Fi, the discovery of dancing dwarf galaxies, and the development of blue LED light. Inspired by challenge
 and opportunity, we look forward to welcoming you as we imagine a new future together.
Join us and start seeing the world in a different light. 
The Role 
We are seeking a highly engaged and active Senior Learning Designer to be part of the Faculty of Science and Engineering Learning and Teaching team. The team supports the Faculty in curriculum design and renewal including the development of flexible, online
 and blended learning, student focussed innovative pedagogical models and effective learning experiences for students. Key accountabilities of the role are to:

Provide appropriate design recommendations for the completion of design tasks on our Learning Management System (Moodle) and other platforms as appropriate.
Design and develop excellent technology-enhanced units for new and existing programs applying sound design and pedagogical principles.
Work in close collaboration with faculty to develop and transform educational resources through coaching, pedagogy and design. Includes production of digital text, graphics, animation, audio and video.
Generate comprehensive design support documentation such as teacher and student guides, and rationales that support design recommendations.

Selection Criteria
To be considered for this position, the applicant will demonstrate the below requirements in their CV and a 1 - 2 page cover letter:

Essential Selection Criteria:

Degree in education/educational technologies with relevant experience; or an equivalent combination of relevant knowledge, training and/or experience
Knowledge of online and blended learning pedagogies and learning design models
Demonstrated experience in educational design Proven ability to work collaboratively and cooperatively as part of a cross functional team
Proven ability to develop innovative methodologies Demonstrated consultative approach in handling stakeholders High level of written communication and presentation skills Strong organisational and problem solving skills Demonstrated ability to manage projects concurrently 
DesirableSelection Criteria:

Demonstrated experience with multimedia, graphic design, content development or similar
Demonstrated use of development tools or web development technologies for creating interactive/eLearning content (e.g. Captivate, Storyline, HTML5)
Competent use of basic programming/Markup languages related to online learning (e.g. HTML, CSS, JavaScript )
Experience working with Google or Apple Mobile Application technologies 
Salary Package: From $96,328 to $107,186 p.a. (HEW Level 8), plus 17% employer's superannuation and annual leave loading

Appointment Type: full,time continuing
Applications Close: 11:55pm on Sunday 6 August 2017
Position Description: Please click here to view the 
Position Description
Macquarie University is an EO Employer committed to diversity and social inclusion. Applications are encouraged from people with disability; women (particularly for senior and non-traditional roles); Indigenous Australians, people who identify as GLBTIQ;
 and those from culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds.
Applications need to be submitted through the Macquarie University online recruitment system. Where circumstances such as disability or remote location prohibit your access to our online system please contact the enquiries person listed in this advertisement
 for assistance.Are you a talented ASP.NET/C# developer and looking for the next opportunity? Would you like to start the new year with a new opportunity and not just a job?
A leading software house with a team of 20 ASP.NET/C# developers is looking for a talented Lead/senior .NET developers (C#/ASP.NET) to join its team of talented developers. 
Join the leading software house which is planning its debut for the Stock exchange and has big plans for its growth.  
On offer is a lucrative salary of 120-130K + super + share options. 

Essential skills: 

ASP.NET/C# SQL Server Javascript MVC Entity frameowrk 
 
The right candidates must have at least 8 years of solid ASP.NET/C# experience and must be passionate about the latest technologies. 

The client offers a career path to tech lead an also offers a lucrative option program for the right candidate.Senior Applications Developer
    
    
About Workskil
Workskil Australia is a national not-for-profit organisation, with over 30 proud years of supporting Australians to achieve sustained economic and social self-reliance. We do this by providing a range of employment, work experience, disability, youth, Indigenous
 and health services. We now provide our services in South Australia, Victoria and New South Wales.
 
The Role
We are seeking a highly technical Senior Applications Developer to join our Applications team. This is a full time role (40 hours/week) on an ongoing basis, based at our Melrose Park Head Office. You will work in a small team under the direction of the Applications
 Architect to provide software development expertise and to develop complex business systems. The role will include performing complex, integrated computer programing, data analysis, and software development for use within Workskil Australia. It will involve
 maintaining existing systems and correcting any issues as required. You will have strong communication skills and be willing to consult with end users to establish needs and identify opportunities for improvement in our internally designed CRM system. 
 
The successful person will have:

Experience of web technologies including HTML, AngularJS, Javascript, XML, CSS, JSON and web services
5+ years commercial development experience utilising Microsoft .NET technologies - C#, ASP.NET Web API and Entity Framework
Experience in database design and development using Microsoft SQL Server and T-SQL stored procedures
Experience in the full software development life cycle Ability to evaluate and interpret end user information requirements and find appropriate technical solutions using formal system analysis and design approaches
Proven ability to critically analyse requirements of software applications and make recommendations and problem solve
Experience developing reports in SQL Server Reporting Services Experience with SSIS ETL package development and data warehousing concepts Tertiary level qualifications in IT, Computer Science or a related area
 
Remuneration
A competitive salary will be negotiated commensurate with skills and experience.  As Workskil Australia is a public benevolent institution we can also offer a portion of the salary through tax effective salary packaging.
 
How to Apply
If the above sounds like you we want to hear from you!! To apply please visit the careers page on www.workskil.com.au or via the link below. Please make sure you have your cover letter and resume saved as one document ready to upload.
 
Prior to an offer of employment being made, candidates must provide authority for a Federal Police Clearance to disclose any criminal offences or charges.
Workskil Australia is an equal opportunity employer.  We particularly welcome applicants who identify as Aboriginal or have a disability.
 

    
    Workskil Australia
Human Resources
(08) 7088 8000PHP Developer
      
      
        Attractive salary, perks and career-growth
        
        Work with blue-chip companies in the finance and insurance sector
        
        Work with latest PHP tech and be involved with technology choices through SDLC
        
      
      
Join a rapidly expanding digital media agency as a PHP developer in the heart of the Sydney CBD.  

You will work in state of the art offices and participate in top-level meetings with senior and executive staff whilst engaging in the full development life-cycle of first-class web applications and more.  

Attractive Remuneration Bleeding Edge Technologies Multiple projects City location State of the art offices 
Technical skills (3-5 years minimum in commercial experience)

PHP  Laravel framework or similar  MySQL AWS Solid front-end skills - HTML, CSS, JavaScript and more Ability to make commercially viable technical decisions based on requirements

Personal Traits

Be positive person Good time management and planning Enjoy creating innovative web experiences Be able to discuss or communicate technical issues and solutions with non-technical team members
English language skills must be flawless 
If you are a talented PHP developer possessing all the requisite skills, seeking an opportunity to develop cutting-edge web applications for this rapidly expanding digital agency, please apply with your resume to jobs@pbisearch.com.au
 
Get ahead from the pack and interview now!

      
      Suite 206, 83 York Street, Sydney NSW 2000
        Telephone: 02 8014 8959
        Fax 02 8275 8877
		PHP Developer
      
      
Finite IT Recruitment are currently sourcing top talent for several organisations within the development environment. At present we are taking applications for experienced PHP Developers, including those at a senior level.

We are seeking applications from candidates who are willing to take on contract or/and permanent roles. 

As a PHP Developer, your role will be wide and varied including:

• Building high-complexity web applications
• Utilizing modern PHP applications
• Building and growing junior developers
• Undertaking development of design / search functions in an already existing project and within compressed timeframes
• Helping skill up junior colleagues
To be suitable for this role you will need: 
• Solid experience in Object Oriented software 
• Extensive PHP, JavaScript, HTML and CSS development experience
• Ability to liaise professionally with stakeholders
• Demonstrable problem solving skills, with exceptional customer service skills 
• Excellent communication and presentation skills 
If you are a talented PHP Developer looking for the next step in your career, who cares about software quality and has a desire to help skill up those around them then please APPLY NOW for my immediate consideration.Senior Web Developers
      
      
      
      
        Long-Term Contract
        
        Multiple Positions
        
        Call Gryff Marshall on 62579802 to apply
        
      
      
Large department seeking multiple developers in the web and mobile applications team for long-term engagement

Your new company
This large Department is responsible for the support and continuous advancement of Federal Government systems and staff, including research, environmental management, and ICT services.

Your new role
You will join a highly skilled Web and Mobile Applications team, with a focus on the design, development, and ongoing maintenance of externally-facing sites, and internal mobile and tablet access, in a highly project and user-driven environment on a long-term
 contract.

What you'll need to succeed
This role will require a high level of skills across ASP.Net, MVC, HTML, and JavaScript libraries, including knowledge in Bootstrap, React, and/or AngularJS.
Prior experience utilizing Sitecore, and ODATA also highly regarded.
You also must be an Australian citizen and will possess or be willing to go through the process to obtain and maintain an NV1 personnel security clearance.

What you'll get in return
This is an exciting opportunity to join a fast-paced development environment, with a long-term engagement potential.

What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Gryff Marshall on 6257 9802 now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.

      
      
      Reference Number:
        1861389
      
      
      To apply please click
        the 'Apply' button below.Front end developer
      
      Do you love front end technologies and take pride in your work? do you think of coding in your spare time and think of it as more than a job? Are you the kind of person that wants to show off your projects and make an impact?

My client is a leading eCommerce firm that is well known and used everyday by consumers all over Australia. They are looking for a talented, driven full stack developer with a passion and strong background in Front end technologies. With a good company culture
 you will be jumping at the chance to stay after the three month contract! There is a view for this person to become a permanent member of the team. 

To be successful for the role you will have experience with the below mentioned: 

4 years  + front end developer React js / angular or simialr Javascript frameworks (React, Bootstrap, etc),  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React.js with Redux UX design Css3/ html5 Entrepreneurial spirit UI/ agency background Be able to work to deadlines Prioritise work load 
-sponsorship not available and candidates must have excellent English-

If you think you match most of the skills required then please click apply now! Any questions please email me lorena@xpand.com.au or call me on 0280474020.
      
      Lorena
0280474020.NET Developer (with AWS)
      
      
 

A modern work environment with a big focus on using all the latest technologies.
Clear career progression path A need for a mid - level and senior developer Attractive salary package, along with other working benefits  
 
The opportunity to join a close-knit, dynamic team in central Melbourne, you will have the opportunity to be involved in the full product development life-cycle within a test-driven environment. As a Full-stack Software Developer within this company, you
 will be involved in the development of new products that are utilised by millions on a daily basis. My client are well known and great at what they do!
The Company
Our client is currently expanding into new product lines and as such, they now seek to add to their growing team. Our client works in an Agile environment and like to keep their teams relatively small in size, its Software Developers are valued as individuals.
 Our client understands the benefit of continued training, and team members may undertake training and courses to aid them in their role, as well as working in an open source environment, which allows you to up-skill amongst different teams and projects!
The Ideal Candidate
Do you have a genuine passion for development? Would you like the opportunity to work in a team driven environment, with flexibility, a strong work ethic and a chilled out atmosphere? Are you forward thinking, able to offer sound suggestions and ideas to aid
 project delivery? Do you consider yourself to be a self-starter, able to hit the ground running from the outset? Technically you will be sound in Front-end development, preferably in React or Angular and be confident with ASP.NET & MVC.
 
The ideal candidate will also meet the following criteria:

Experience of Full stack Microsoft technologies- C#, ASP.NET, SQL Server, Javascript/JQuery, HTML/CSS)
Ability to write and maintain code in C# Experienced in front end frameworks/libraries such as Angular/ React Experience of ASP.NET MVC Continuous Integration environment Excellent communication/interpersonal skills, with a desire to work as part of a team
AWS experience an advantage 
 
If this position is not right for you, we may have others that are, so please contact
Louise Hurst on 9245 0607 to discuss further.QA Engineer
      
      8 MONTHS CONTRACT ( 3 DAY WORK WEEK) | Maternity Cover
      
      Automation & Part-Manual Testing 
      
      
Key Responsibilities: 

Plan, design and develop test casesThe test cases will cover integration, system (functional) and nonfuncational scenariosAutomate, execute and report on quality of project and program outputsDesign, maintain and execute automated test scriptsEnsure that test inconsistencis are clearly communicated to business and development teams
Ensure that defects discovered in the testing process are appropriately raised and assigned to the correct partiesEnsure that test outputs are appropriately triagedEffectively manage stakeholder relationships
Requirements: 

ISTQB certification is desirable A minimum of 4 years of commercial experience as a Test Analkyst/ QA Engineer
Experience working in a complex multi-product, multi-technology environments would be highly advantageousExperience working with online and browser baser user-interface testingDiverse test analyst experience in complex corporate or government enviornments would be idealDemonstrable experience with automation tools such as Selenium Web Driver, J-Meter,Mocha or Jasmine (familiarity with Java and JavaScript)Demonstrable experience in data and API based testing (using Soap UI with Groovy)Demonstrable experience with test management tools such as Test LinkPrevious experience with Jira and Confluence (from the Atlassian tool suite)Previous experience in search and content management testing


To apply online, please click on the link below. Or, if you would like to have a confidential discussion, please contact
Rachel Camoens on 02 8093 0631, quoting ref no.
JO-1707-84198. Want to know more about Davidson? Visit us at www.davidsonwp.comPulse Mining Systems has a special place within the Australian Mining and Software industries. Founded in 1986, Pulse is the only ERP in the world designed exclusively for the use of the mining industry. The vision of the Company is to continuously develop,
 improve and evolve our world-class commercial and technical software and analytics products.
Due to our continuing growth due to new clients, new product developments, existing software modernisation projects and technological advancements, current opportunities exist for skilled and motivated programmers to join our dynamic programming teams in
 our modern, purpose-built facility at the end of the M1 freeway at Thornton.
Ideal candidates will have suitable experience with large scale technical projects, custom web application and report development as well as excellent problem solving, communication, solution and UI design skills.
Successful candidates will be exposed in their role to various technologies such as Web Components, Google Polymer, JavaScript, node.js, Progress, BIRT, Xamarin, Android and iOS and more. Even the most experienced developers in this position will have the
 opportunity to expand and improve their skill sets in many advanced areas of knowledge.
Pulse Mining Systems believes that it is critical to encourage personal development to have a successful team. As such, we have established a budget for employee education and allow developers to take training courses or otherwise improve their skill set
 during normal business hours.
Our development environment has a professional yet laid back feeling, with a range of logoed shirts provided for business casual dress. Schedules are flexible within reason, and employees are given options of working remotely on occasion.
We believe that the most productive developers should have the full backing of the company. We ensure that our developers have the most modern workstations and provide a modest budget for all developers to customize their workstation or purchase peripherals
 they require.
Pulse offers the opportunity for a long and successful career, with many career advancement opportunities available. An attractive and highly competitive remuneration package will be determined based upon the candidate's experience and other qualifications.
To apply, please forward a Word or PDF version of your CV and references to hr@pulsemining.com.au.  Pulse Mining Systems is an equal opportunity employer.  All applications will be treated in confidence.About the business and the role
The University of the South Pacific (USP) is a regional university, supported by 12 Pacific Island Countries, and is the premier provider of tertiary education in the Pacific region and an international centre of excellence for teaching, research and training
 on all aspects of Pacific culture, environment and human resource development needs. USP is seeking to recruit a well-qualified, experienced, and dynamic individual to join their management team. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to work with
 other library networks where s/he will constantly be challenged and developed in this critical role.
LIBRARY SYSTEMS MANAGER


Job tasks and responsibilities
The Library Systems Manager will be based with the Main Library in Fiji and will be responsible for the Systems section of the network of libraries at USP.  S/he will provide excellent leadership, support, and advice in all areas relating to the utilization
 and implementation of ICT in a regional and global context, in consultation with the USP Librarian and professional library staff. This is a unique opportunity to provide successful organisational results in line with the USP's strategic goals.  The Library
 Systems Manager will be responsible to:
•             Plan, implement and manage an Integrated Library Systems (ILS) and software               programs  associated with library functions
•             Manage wide area and local area networks
•             Manage electronic office and relational databases
•             Manage and provide oversight of digitized projects
•             Program, design, digitize and manage websites, software and specific projects
•             Develop and implement strategies and policies that are aligned to the Library                   and USP's Strategic Plan


Skills and experience
The person we seek will have a Master's Degree or higher qualification in Library Information Science from a recognised accrediting body or a
Master's Degree in Information Technology/Computer Science with 8 years' experience in a Library, post-qualification. Preference will be given to applicants with a combination of the stated qualifications. The successful applicant will also
 demonstrate the following:
•             Ability to analyse and resolve complex problems, set priorities, meet deadlines                 and work under pressure
•             Knowledge of and experience with the Spydus and other commercial and open-               source integrated library systems and software
•             Knowledge of and experience with digital management systems e.g.                                 Greenstone
•             Knowledge of LINUX, Javascript, Perl, HTML, XML, MS Office OS
•             Knowledge and experience with e-resource access and management services                 and Web Scale Discovery Service
•             Involvement with the local library associations and/or regional and international
               professional associations
Salary Scale:  FJ $81,145 to FJ $93,629 per annum (Inclusive of 15% Gratuity). USP also contributes 10% of basic salary to an approved superannuation scheme, and provides airfare and relocation costs where appropriate. The position is available
 for a term of 3 years and may be renewed by mutual agreement.
Further Details: Role descriptions and further details are available on the Maxumise Facebook page or www.maxumise.com/jobs 
Contact: Sharlyn Singh +679 330 3137; info@maxumisefiji.com 
How to Apply: For online submission, click on, or paste into your browser, the following URL:  http://app.hrmonise.com/job/usp/LSManager  or,
Email applications with the subject "Library Systems Manager" to uspjobs@maxumisefiji.com  
Closing Date: 5th August, 2017.Net Developer
          
          
A Fintech start-up located in Sydney CBD are looking to add multiple .Net developers to the organisation due to a rapid growth and expansion of their product. Their open to meeting with people from the Mid to Senior level as long
 as you have working experience with .Net, Entity Framework, MVC & SQL. It's a Full Stack role so if you have experience in HTML, JavaScript and CSS, that will also be a plus.
What's In It For You?
You will get the opportunity to join a rapidly expanding start up organisation at a great time. This organisation have recently partnered with an already established financial company in Australia which means you get the chance
 to work in a start-up environment with a solid financial backing.
Career growth is a benefit of getting in with this organisation right now. We're forecasting that this growth is the start of something big so get in now and you will be in a prime position for the senior roles as they start to
 develop in the upcoming months.
Alongside what’s mentioned above you will also get:


Paid parental LeaveStudy LeaveBonus DayVolunteer DayCooperate Massage AllowanceAnnual Flu ShotsEmployee Discount packages on: Groceries, Petrol, Movie Tickets and much more!

What’s required?
Deep knowledge of and experience in the implementation of scalable web-based solutions using C#, with strong OOP skills. Cloud/AWS WebApi/MVC
Experience in Test Driven Development and Agile working practices, with significant experience as a code-reviewer.
Ability to reason clearly about technical design options: clearly, respectively and constructively - we need you to have and express your views, we want to hear them, then collaborate with other senior technical staff to get to
 the best solution.
Passion for the wider development community and attested capacity to contribute to it.

For more information please feel free to get in contact via:


          
          Our purpose 'Helping Talent Achieve' 
          02 82467777
            www.precisionsourcing.com.au
            Level 5, 8 Spring Street, Sydney, NSW 2000Note: So we know you're not a bot, you must begin your cover letter with the words: "I'm the hungriest Senior Dev currently available on the Coast because..."
 
We provide a cloud-based SaaS solution to Transport and Logistics companies across Australia and New Zealand. The company has tripled its team size since July 2016 (now at 10) and is going to double in the next 12 months. We're coming up on 5 years since
 we first began, and in the last 18 months have shifted our focus from fast and hacky (get-it-done) code to focusing on stability, code quality and clean architecture. Major refactoring and extensive internal documentation of our application has taken place
 in this time to support the growing number of developers and repay technical debt.
Reporting directly to the CTO, we're looking for multiple experienced Senior Developers who have extensive prior experience on large, complex, ERP-style applications, working with the rest of the team to deliver quality solutions on-time, consistently.
Our core product is written in PHP, with native iOS and Android Apps. In addition, as of late we've begun working with Node.js, React and Reflux for certain sections of our application.
We're building a new team of Strong Senior Devs to embark on an
entirely new project using Neo4j Graph Database and a new framework. This is an exceptional opportunity for
aspiring Senior Devs to 'do it their way'.
 
he person we're looking for will have many of the following skills and attributes:

Ability to accept responsibility and take ownership. Motivated, proactive, enthusiastic and hard working 7+ years of software design and development experience, we're not fussed about which language you're coming from - however PHP experience is an advantage.
Experience in large, complex application design. Our software is as complex and feature-rich as an ERP system. Having experience in building large applications in Java, C++, C#, .NET or any other language is highly regarded.
Strong Unit Testing, and Integration Testing Experience. Backend experience with MYSQL, AWS, DevOps, Linux. Experience with MVC frameworks (we have built a ton of Services and an Object Oriented ORM which sites on top of our core framework)
Experience with Javascript, CSS and HTML, Bootstrap and jQuery Experience with Agile software development Excellent English communication skills - written and verbal as you'll be communicating with all parts of the business
Proficient with Git
Non-essential, but valuable skills:

Prior experience in a high-growth startup / scaleup. Experience designing, maintaining and documenting publicly accessible APIs Node.js experience React and Reflux experience Experience writing and maintaining both internal, technical documentation, as well as client-facing, support / training documentation (we use Confluence for this).
Experience with Graph Databases.

In 12 months you'll know this was the right job for you when you've:

Worked in a team of 10xr's. We have some of the most talented, responsible, hard-working developers you'll ever meet. Our CTO has lead teams of hundreds, both our operations managers have managed transport companies. Our CEO recently spoke
 along-side supply-chain industry heads about the future of transport and logistics. We have the skills, experience and funding needed to maintain our rapid growth.
Have developed some really cool, unit-tested tech across the back-end, front-end, and then written really clear documentation about it.
Traveled to Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, Auckland and Christchurch to assist with client installations and performed usability testing (travelling with other staff members / founders)
Taken on considerable responsibility for your work, and take pride in what you've accomplished - then receive praise from our clients for your fine work.
You've identified improvements and then gone out and implemented them with complete support from the entire team, then received a
standing ovation from the CEO because what you did was epic. You've become the go to person for the stuff you've built
You'll be working closely with the whole team here in our bright and friendly Gold Coast headquarters. We're a fun and easy going professional bunch so finding someone who we think will be a great fit is really important to us.
We have a bunch of roles available, including Android and QA please be sure to checkout our careers page: https://cartoncloud.atlassian.net/wiki/display/CKB/Careers

        
        
          jobs@cartoncloud.com.au
CartonCloud, Burleigh Heads
www.cartoncloud.com.auJava Analyst Programmer
      
      This is a 12 month fixed term role with the benefits our valued employees enjoy.

The Lonsec Group of companies has enjoyed years of growth, stability and strong leadership. With around 120 staff, we benefit from a relaxed yet professional corporate culture that promotes the individual strengths of our team members. Our valued employees
 have access to generous employee benefits and additional leave programs.
We are seeking a Java Analyst Programmer with financial services experience to join Lonsec Fiscal in our well located Sydney offices. Now is a great time to be part of our energetic and entrepreneurial company where ideas are brought to
 life and initiatives are nurtured to fulfil a particular niche in the financial services industry. 
To be considered for this role you will need to have relevant experience working in a similar role with at least four years of commercial experience in Java development, at least three years working as a Business Analyst and have Agile experience. 
The main responsibilities of the role include:
*  Gather business requirements, perform development, operational and project tasks as directed and as required
*  Provide input when and where appropriate into software design decisions to ensure optimal systems for Lonsec
*  Document and support in-house developed solutions
*  Test and package developed solutions prior to deployment
*  Communicate impending changes to the business before they are deployed


The successful applicants will possess the following experience and skills:
*  Minimum of 4 years of industry experience as a Java Full Stack Developer, with experience in the following:

Java, Spring (SpringBoot, SpringData, SpringSecurity), Maven, HibernateHTML, CSS, JavaScript (Bootstrap, jQuery)Source Code control (GIT)Agile / Scrum methodologyDB Design / Relational modelling / SQLJavaScript frameworks (Angular js)
*  Minimum of 3 years of industry experience as an Analyst Programmer / Agile BA

Agile / Scrum methodologies
* Commercial experience in the following technologies would be well regarded:

Responsive design, tablet / mobile developmenntSecurity - OAuth2 / SAMLMicro ServicesXML / XSLTAngular materialsRXJS
* Strong analytical and problem solving skills
* Strong technical documentation skills
* Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to clearly communicate business requirements, technical issues and solutions will be key to this role
* Well defined skills for managing source code

We are keen to get interviews underway so apply today!
You need to be eligible and available to work in Australia (Sydney) to be considered for this role.Software Developers (C++) - Melbourne
    
    
About VIIEW
Viiew provides tiered workplace-as-a-service solutions, delivering a broad range of capability and services in ICT. Viiew's tailored solutions enable organizations to achieve business outcomes, while managing their risk as they consume technology and ICT
 services.
 
About the Role
We are seeking multiple C++ Software Developers / Engineer to augment our global financial consulting client’s project delivering software/application solutions.
Based on our client’s site in Melbourne CBD. 

Create, maintain, enhance and support the company’s software products, installers and automated build and test systems.Create and maintain testing suites and benchmarking tools for the software products and SDKs.Monitor and deploy updates to a live cloud environment hosting their software.Liaise with support and customers to ensure the scope and requirements of the software are adequately met, and to help diagnose customer issues.Provide technical support and resolve problems for existing customers

 
Skills & Experience
To successfully deliver this project you will need:

Solid background as a Software EngineerStrong proven experience in C, C++ Experience in other languages highly advantageous (e.g. C#, Python, JavaScript).Practical experience with web standards and related technologies (e.g. HTTP, REST, JSON, CSS, HTML).Ability to work in a constantly changing environment and have a proven ability to manage concurrent activities effectivelyExperience with all GIS, Cloud, C/C++, Java highly desirable
 
Company Culture
Viiew Consultants deliver with speed and agility, adapting to new projects and teams with ease. We meet deadlines, and we act with accountability. We are committed to the needs of our clients, and to professional excellence in all we do.
 
Benefits
We reward our Consultants for their skills and alignment to our values with:

Exposure to industry leading technology, projects and expertiseSupport of specialist colleagues across Australia and the globe as part of the Dimension Data group.No payroll administration fees.Entitlements to discounted training and certifications via Dimension Data Learning Solutions (DDLS).


To be considered for the role click the 'Apply' button or for more information about this and other opportunities please contact Harshil Shah on 1800 456 122. Please quote our job reference number: 230378.Analyst Programmer
      
      
At Sage you'll find a company that combines global clout and scale with the opportunity for you to personally impact on the small and medium sized businesses of the people who make it all worthwhile – our customers. You can expect a challenging but collaborative
 work environment where we actively encourage innovation and creativity and are comfortable giving you as much responsibility as you seek. But the real attraction of a career with us lies in the opportunity to grow and succeed with Sage.
Sage are currently looking to hire a Analyst Programmer in Sydney. The role is a key part of the Product Delivery team and is responsible for the development of payroll specifications and products according to documented scope, requirements and quality standards.
Your Responsibilities:

Development of technical specifications for new products and new modules in the existing product range, ensuring that the required development environments and associated tools are used to develop new products
Ensure that all software development, design and maintenance activities comply with quality standards Sage has adopted

Ensure internal delivery and hand-over of software products and features to appropriate parties, ensuring that all software meets unit testing requirements

Ensure that all software development, design and maintenance activities comply with quality standards Sage has adopted
Implement and improve systems and working practices to improve product quality, enhance customer service, reduce performance variances and maintain consistency
Identify and process opportunities for skill expansion for self into other areas of potential benefit to Sage
Investigate product problems as required and manage any errors which may occur
Maintain and develop product database structure and source code according to specifications, and ensuring that software/database changes are documented as required
 
Qualifications:

Experience in programming using either JavaScript, C#, ASP.Net, Delphi, C++, Experience in writing complex SQL queries for Microsoft SQL Server Experience in database management and tuning Proven track record in product/application development using development languages
Experience in an Agile development environment Experience with the full software development life cycle Excellent knowledge of MS-Office products Excellent verbal and written communication skills A positive, motivated and professional approach Ability to work individually and as part of a team Analytical and problem solving skills Knowledge of Sage products Experience working in relevant industry/technical role
Sage is an equal opportunity employer. You can expect an ambitious and collaborative work environment where we actively encourage innovation and creativity and are comfortable giving you as much responsibility as you seek.
You must have the right to work in Australia to be considered for this role.
Due to the high volume of applicants we receive, only short listed candidates will be contacted.Growing Data is expanding our software engineering team, and is looking for passionate junior front-end software developers to join us in building data analytics products using ReactJS.
This role is best suited to someone with someone who loves building great software, an eye for detail and recognizes opportunities for creativity & innovation. Ideally you will also have an interest (although not necessarily experience) in big data, machine
 learning and data visualization.
We are looking for someone with either:

At least one year of commercial front end software development experience. A folio of work demonstrating your proficiency with ReactJS
Required skills:

Excellent core front end skills (HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript). An eye for design when it comes to building beautiful software. A good understanding of accessibility, web standards and best practices. Ability to test cross-browser and cross-device compatibility. Familiarity with REST and JSON APIs. Experience with source control frameworks such as Git. You are passionate about solving complex problems.
Experience in the following would be advantageous:

Graphic design  Responsive  & mobile design Familiarity with data visualization frameworks such as D3. Front end tooling such as Webpack, Babel, Gulp, Grunt. Amazon Web Services (AWS).
We are looking for candidates with high levels of initiative, with a keen ability to balance software engineering principles with the immediate needs of the client.  
The role will support you in developing your career in software engineering through mentoring and training, including development of consulting skills and experience.Senior .Net Developer
      
      
        Contract until 22nd December 2017
        
        Operational Level 2 and Level 3 support
        
        .Net Framework 4.0 and Visual Basic.NET and C# 
        
      
      
The role of Senior NET Developer operates within iAPPs Corporate reporting to the Technical Operations Manager. The iAPPs Corporate is part of the Systems Integration and Management Branch within the Health Services Information Agency (eHealth), and is part
 of Service Coordination and Integration Directorate within the eHealth.
The purpose of this role is to provide operational support and consultancy for the eHealth Internet platform.
The primary duties of this role include the following:

Provide .NET development support for the eHealth Online Provisioning System (OPS), including operational Level 2 and Level 3 operational support for incidents, as well as development support for adaptive maintenance and enhancements.
Organisational Duties as follows:

Assist in the development and review of Business and Operational Plans that link with Departmental and branch outcomes.Discharge responsibilities of the position with reference to employment equity, anti-discrimination, occupational health and safety, and ethical behaviour.Ensure that the information of Queensland Health is managed in accordance with Departmental Information Security policy and Standards; in order to ensure its confidentiality, availability and integrity.

The key responsibilities of this role are:

Fulfil the accountabilities of this role in accordance with eHealth Queensland’s core values, as outlined above.
Provide .NET development support for the eHealth Online Provisioning System (OPS) for bug fixes, adaptive maintenance and enhancement requests.
Provision of operational support for the OPS (.NET) when issues arise in production, including troubleshooting and problem diagnosis. This is required from a Level 2 and Level 3 support aspect.
Provide quality software development skills using the Microsoft .Net and SQL Server and other related technologies specified in the evaluation criteria.
Interact and consult with other teams within eHealth and customer groups as required.Perform requirements analysis and assist in generation of functionality specifications that meet the business requirement.
Perform monitoring of performance of the OPS application and when required implement optimisations.
Support of the OPS development environment.
Demonstrated experience in development of web applications for large organisations, with experience in the following technologies:

.Net Framework 4.0 and Visual Basic.NET and C# Visual Studio 2015Microsoft SQL ServerTFS Windows Services RESTWEB APIEntity FrameworkSOLID PrinciplesIOC - Concepts and FrameworksTesting Frameworks (MSTEST / NUNIT)Continuous Integration / Continuous DeploymentJavaScript - JQuery / Knockout.
Highly desirable to have experience in the following development technologies:

Experience with ORM’s Experience with Linq to SQL / (DBML)
Highly desirable to have experience in the following directory technologies:

Novell Directory Services Active Directory Enterprise Directory Interfacing (technologies) i.e. LDAP
For more information please call Renee Clayton (renee.clayton@uandu.com) at u&u on
0477 778 449, quoting reference number 9066. Alternatively, to submit an application, please click below.
Please submit your resume in Word format only.Web Developer
      
      
        Strong PHP5 design and development
        
        Web technologies HTML5, CSS3 & JavaScript
        
        Melbourne based
        
      
      
We have been engaged with a renowned Product Development House that is going from strength to strength in their specialised sector.  With their products services a who's who of household names they are consistently growing their team.
 
Due to this growth they are looking for a suitably experienced and qualified C# Mobile Developer.  To be considered for this role you will be able to demonstrate the following skills and attributes:

Extensive PHP5 experience both from a design and development perspective Experience with HTML5, CSS3 & JavaScript Exposure to designing and developing C# Web Services (XML Soap) would be highly regarded
A deep understanding of MSSQL Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal 
This is a permanent opportunity to join a market leader where you will be able to apply your skills and gain recognition for your expertise.
 
If you feel you have the skills we are after, we look forward to reviewing your application.About the company
Donesafe is Australia's fastest growing cloud workplace health, safety and compliance platform. Known as "The People's Safety Software", Donesafe is built with the user in mind and is designed to ease the administrative burden and cost of WHS management.
 Donesafe, by making WHS management easier and more efficient, creates a safer, happier workforce. With over 500,000+ users ranging from sole trader businesses to Global 500 and ASX 50 companies, Donesafe is one of the fastest growing startups in Australia.
About the role

Join a dynamic and growing startup that has an enviable client list of Global 500 and ASX 50 companies.Work with talented colleagues who are enthusiastic about learning new technologies and producing great software.Advanced Rails codebase with multi-tenancy and metaprogrammingWork with Angular 2, Ionic framework and offline apps.Modern office close to transport and CBD, in an exciting co-working space
Along with a team of like-minded technologists, you will work closely with the product manager and founders to plan the development roadmap, guide software architecture, design solutions, implement new software components, and refactor and extend the existing
 Rails application as appropriate. We follow the SCRUM development methodology, perform code reviews, use automated testing, and have a very flat team structure that encourages technical input from everyone.

Requirements

Minimum requirements

Strong Object-Oriented software design skillsTeam player with strong communication skills1+ years experience with Ruby and RailsBachelor degree in Computer Science or Information Technology, or equivalent professional experienceProficient with SQL, Javascript, git, and automated testing

Well regarded

Dev Ops and automationRuby metaprogrammingReact or other Javascript frameworksOffline app developmentExposure to functional and system languagesOpen-source software contributionsEntrepreneurial experience

Benefits

The Donesafe team love coming to work in our awesome office in WeWork Pyrmont and that's not just because of the building. Being a startup, our workers have the freedom to work together and autonomously. The Donesafe team are enthusiastic, resourceful and
 honest. The thing that brings us to work every day is the firmly held belief that we're making a serious difference in the WHS space and by proxy, a positive difference in the lives of everyday workers. Also, a dollop of geekiness will not be out of place
 at Donesafe.


Autonomy and support in your day to day activities.Become part of a fast-growing team and make your markWork in funky offices with break-out spaces and some great perks including an in-house bar all in the heart of Pyrmont, SydneyWork with a fun, friendly team of like minded peopleGreat salary package with a focus on work-life balanceSenior ASP .NET Developer
    
    

Major Projects with Collaborate Stakeholder Engagement Expertise with C#, ASP.NET MVC and Web API Deliver high quality solutions 

MELBOURNE

As Australia's largest privately owned IT Services Company conducting business Australia wide and in the Asia Pacific region,
Dialog's key focus is on delivering outstanding results to its many corporate and government clients using leading tools, technologies and methodologies.
Dialog is a dynamic organisation which offers attractive career development to its people through diverse projects, training and mentoring in a collaborative atmosphere.

Dialog enjoys long-term relationships with Australia's Peak Government and Corporate organisations. As a
Dialog consultant engaging with these clients you will:


Work with key stakeholders to achieve world's best practice processes in major projects
Work on a wide variety of interesting and challenging assignments Work with colleagues in partnership with clients who are committed to achieving their business objectives
Enjoy salary above industry standard in a working environment in which effort, creativity and a positive attitude are highly valued
Have extensive training opportunities through the Dialog Academy, which offers over 1,500 IT and 800 Business Skills courses
Work with like-minded colleagues who share information and focus on the goal, driving the project and their careers further and faster

Dialog requires a Senior ASP .NET Developer with strong C#, ASP.NET, MVC and Web API development experience. You will be passionate about delivering high quality solutions and enjoy working across multiple projects and collaboratively
 with the various stakeholders. 

Dialog seeks people who have these capabilities:

Significant experience in software development across the Microsoft .NET enterprise application stack: C#, WinForms, WCF and Visual Studio
Strong skills in front-end technologies such as ASP.NET, ASP.NET MVC, HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, JavaScript, Web API and Restful services
Exposure to Azure platform and MD Dynamics CRM is highly advantageous Considerable experience with Oracle 10g and MS SQL Server databases Proficient with unit testing MSTEST, MOQ, NUnit and mocking frameworks 
Established in 1979, Dialog employs over 1,200 people throughout Australia, and provides a wide range of information technology solutions to government and corporate clients.

At Dialog, our whole approach is based on four key values: Involved, Committed, Can Do, Always.

It's these values, applied to every project, which stand behind our success and ensure we are always client focused. These same four values underpin the relationship we enjoy with our people.

Join our team of professional, enthusiastic and experienced consultants, where communication, learning and knowledge sharing are prized. We offer an excellent benefits package.

Dialog is an equal opportunity employer.

Applicants should be Australian or NZ citizens or Australian permanent residents. If you are not an Australian or New Zealand citizen you will need to provide your passport and visa for our review.

Visit our website www.dialog.com.au for more information.
    
    
      
     
    
    INVOLVED,
      COMMITTED, CAN DO, ALWAYSSenior .NET Developer, With Solid Front End JS Skills
      
      
 .NET Developer, Front End Expert 
6 Month Initial Contract (Likely Long Term)
Sydney 

My client is a global leader in their field, the team is outstanding and they have multiple projects kicking off in the next two weeks, with this large injection of projects means they need 2x contracts to join the team.


The role will be focused on the front end (HTML, CSS and JS), the key area the team is looking for is someone who is a team player, collaborative and can take direction (Experience within the financial industry will be a big bonus). 

Key Skills: 

C# / .Net Development, 7 Years Minimum  Solid experience in JavaScript  HTML / CSS WebAPI's  Excellent communication skills and team player  Agile development environment   Test Driven Development (TDD)  SQL Server Experience  
Interviews will be taking place this week, if you are interested in more details, please forward me your updated CV inline with the requirements mentioned above. Only people with full working rights in Australia can be considered for these positions.


Look forward to hearing from you, 

Alex (Attribute)  







      
      Alex PardoeSoftware Developers (C++) - Multiple Opportunities
    
    
About VIIEW
Viiew provides tiered workplace-as-a-service solutions, delivering a broad range of capability and services in ICT. Viiew's tailored solutions enable organizations to achieve business outcomes, while managing their risk as they consume technology and ICT
 services.
 
About the Role
We are seeking multiple C++ Software Developers / Engineer to augment our global financial consulting client’s project delivering software/application solutions. Based on our client’s site in Melbourne CBD. 

Create, maintain, enhance and support the company’s software products, installers and automated build and test systems.Create and maintain testing suites and benchmarking tools for the software products and SDKs.Monitor and deploy updates to a live cloud environment hosting their software.Liaise with support and customers to ensure the scope and requirements of the software are adequately met, and to help diagnose customer issues.Provide technical support and resolve problems for existing customers

 
Skills & Experience
To successfully deliver this project you will need:

Solid background as a Software EngineerStrong proven experience in C, C++ Experience in other languages highly advantageous (e.g. C#, Python, JavaScript).Practical experience with web standards and related technologies (e.g. HTTP, REST, JSON, CSS, HTML).Ability to work in a constantly changing environment and have a proven ability to manage concurrent activities effectivelyExperience with all GIS, Cloud, C/C++, Java highly desirable
 
Company Culture
Viiew Consultants deliver with speed and agility, adapting to new projects and teams with ease. We meet deadlines, and we act with accountability. We are committed to the needs of our clients, and to professional excellence in all we do.
 
Benefits
We reward our Consultants for their skills and alignment to our values with:

Exposure to industry leading technology, projects and expertiseSupport of specialist colleagues across Australia and the globe as part of the Dimension Data group.No payroll administration fees.Entitlements to discounted training and certifications via Dimension Data Learning Solutions (DDLS).


To be considered for the role click the 'Apply' button or for more information about this and other opportunities please contact Harshil Shah on 1800 456 122. Please quote our job reference number: 230378.
Senior PHP Developer
    
    
Progressive are seeking Senior PHP Developers to join a world-leading digital transformation company based in Sydney CDB. You will join a team of experts who take pride in delivering first class digital experiences for their clients. It is an exciting time
 to join a company that strives for the best, working with a progressive blue-chip client base.

As a part of this innovative web and mobile technology company, you will build exciting product in a vibrant environment, and regularly communicate with the product team to drive the product forward.

About you:

Excellent communication skillsEye for detailTeam playerExperience working in Agile environments
Requirements:

5+ years’ experience working in a similar roleExcellent JavaScript skills, plain JavaScript and ES6jQueryExcellent responsive CSS skills, CSS pre-processors: SASS/LESS, Animations and TransformationsExcellent PHP Skills, ideally experience with Yii2 but PHP MVC experience is ok
Desirable:

ReactJS ExperienceExperience with MongoDBExperience with Docker
Extra bonus points if you have experience with:

Node.JSTask runners and bundlers: Gulp, WebpackOther server side languages: RoR, .NetDatabase: My SQL, MongoDB, Redis NoSQL, PostgreSQLDevelopment tools: Vagrant, Docker, VirtualBox, AnsibleRapid prototyping: Balsamiq, MeteorJSOther tools: GitAgile software development methodologies
Apply today to be considered and a consultant from Progressive will be in touch.

You must have full working rights in Australia*

To find out more about Progressive Recruitment please visit www.progressiverecruitment.comHead of IT
    
    

Line management and personal development of a team of highly skilled developers.
Managing the delivery of multiple complex simultaneous system development projects from design through to release.
Capable of understanding and contributing to the technical solution from design through to code level (creating wireframes and documentation).
Working closely with Developers and Business Analysts to produce accurate delivery estimates and manage the transition from analysis through to design and delivery.
Provide regular and effective progress updates to and work closely with Development Project Managers to ensure the management of any delivery risks or issues.
Define delivery phases of the project including activities, sub-activities, and milestones ensuring these are documented and used as the basis for the project event log, issues and risk log and any subsequent reporting.
Ensure awareness, involvement and support from the key stakeholders and participants by building strong project teams and maintaining robust communication on the project status throughout its life cycle.
Participate in reviews and meetings and provide updates on project progress. Take responsibility for ensuring that risks and issues are identified and managed closely and drive all stakeholders to deliver on time and to the required quality standards.
Work closely with relevant teams internally to ensure alignment and coordination across operations as part of the seamless implementation of existing and new systems.
Contributing to post implementation reviews helping to demonstrate success or otherwise of projects.
Supporting project resource scheduling and department capacity planning Contribution to the definition of departmental and systems strategies and progression of any allocated objectives.
Ownership, development and management of allocated departmental processes. Undertake small analysis projects in the form of consultancy. Work on a wide range of projects involving the implementation of new and existing systems, solutions and processes.
Software design. Coding, Testing, Delivery. Delegate tasks and assign responsibilities where applicable. Technical Support.  Resolve any issues not resolved but QA team.  Project planning (technical resources / creating tasks / assigning resources).
Infrastructure provision, maintenance and planning as required. PCI Compliance.  Monitor logs to identify security or other potential issues.
 
Additional Responsibilities 
· Production database changes
· Production server support 

Skills Required
- Excellent communicator who is fluent in English (written and verbal) 
- Previous experience working from home 
- A lateral thinker and problem solver 
- 5+ years commercial experience with C#
- Strong in ASP.NET MVC5
- Strong ASP.NET Web API
- MSSQL >=2012 
- Frontend JavaScript frameworks, HTML5, CSS3
- IIS, AWS 
- Ability to develop using minimalist specifications
 
Nice to have
- ReactJS
- .Net Core
- NodeJS
If this sounds like you Apply NOW!!Mid-Level PHP Developer
    
    
Progressive recruitment are looking for a Mid-Level PHP developer with .Net experience to join our client that develop event management software across APAC.
The Successful candidate will have extensive experience in PHP development with a .Net background. You will also have experience maintaining and updating current systems as well as developing new ones from scratch.

Key Requirements:

4+ years PHP experienceExperience with Symfony or Zend.Net development experienceHTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery
Highly Desirable:

SASSAngularJS (Angular2 a huge bonus)
If you are interested in any of the above positions please send through your updated resume and a consultant will be in touch to discuss the roles further.
You must have full working rights in Australia*

To find out more about Progressive Recruitment please visit www.progressiverecruitment.comJunior PHP Developer
    
    
Progressive are seeking Junior PHP Developers to join a world-leading digital transformation company based in Sydney CDB. You will join a team of experts who take pride in delivering first class digital experiences for their clients. It is an exciting time
 to join a company that strives for the best, working with a progressive blue-chip client base.
As a part of this innovative web and mobile technology company, you will build exciting product in a vibrant environment, and regularly communicate with the product team to drive the product forward.
About you:

Excellent communication skillsEye for detailTeam playerExperience working in Agile environments
Requirements:

3+ years’ experience working in a similar role Excellent JavaScript skills, plain JavaScript and ES6jQueryExcellent responsive CSS skills, CSS pre-processors: SASS/LESS, Animations and TransformationsExcellent PHP Skills, ideally experience with Yii2 but PHP MVC experience is ok
Desirable:

ReactJS ExperienceExperience with MongoDBExperience with Docker
Extra bonus points if you have experience with:

Node.JSTask runners and bundlers: Gulp, WebpackOther server side languages: RoR, .NetDatabase: My SQL, MongoDB, Redis NoSQL, PostgreSQLDevelopment tools: Vagrant, Docker, VirtualBox, AnsibleRapid prototyping: Balsamiq, MeteorJSOther tools: GitAgile software development methodologies
Apply today to be considered and someone from Progressive will be in touch.
You must have full working rights in Australia*

To find out more about Progressive Recruitment please visit www.progressiverecruitment.comSoftware Engineer - Cloud, IoT
      
      


Solve challenging R&D problems using a cutting-edge tech stackDeliver products that benefit the Australian community & economyJoin CSIRO Data61, the largest data innovation group in Australia
The Position
As a Software Engineer in the Engineering & Design program, you will work closely with software engineers, researchers and our user experience team to build products from Data61 research and technology. As a member of the Smart Infrastructure Engineering team,
 you will apply technologies including IoT and remote sensing, machine learning and analytics to a range of applications, from monitoring of civil infrastructure to precision agriculture. You will be developing scalable cloud software in various programming
 languages, including functional Scala and Python.

Location: Eveleigh, NSW
Salary: CSOF5 $92K - $100K plus up to 15.4% superannuation or
CSOF6 $106K - $124k plus up to 15.4% superannuation
Tenure: Indefinite
Reference: 42884

To be successful you will need:

A Bachelor degree in a scientific or engineering discipline such as Computer Science or equivalent commercial experience in software engineeringExpertise developing and deploying cloud softwareExperience with contemporary software development tools and practises: version control, unit testing, automated testing, issue tracking
Experience with any of the following would also be beneficial:

Databases (SQL and NoSQL, time-series, administration, performance tuning, schema design and modelling, stored procedures, triggers, clustering, query design and evaluation)Varied programming language paradigms (Scala, Python, Haskell, Ruby, JavaScript)AWS deployment (EC2, ECS, IAM, CloudFormation, Lambda)DevOps (Ansible) and container (Docker, Kubernetes) technologiesContinuous integration/continuous deployment (Jenkins)Web applications (frontend/single-page apps, RESTful APIs, backend services)Linux/UNIX and cloud developmentMessage queues (Kafka, Kinesis, NATS, RabbitMQ)Agile project management
Who we are: The Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO)

At CSIRO, we do the extraordinary every day. We innovate for tomorrow and help improve today - for our customers, all Australians and the world. We imagine. We collaborate. We innovate.

CSIRO’s Data61 business unit is the largest data innovation group in Australia, bringing together approximately 600 research and development staff working in digital technologies to
 create benefit for Australia. Data61 develops Australia's future leaders with its strong 300+ PhD student program in collaboration with our best universities across Australia.

Our Commitment to you:
We work flexibly at CSIRO, offering a range of options for how, when and where you work. Talk to us about how this role could be flexible for you. We emphasise an individual’s growth and development which is supported by interacting and learning from world
 leading scientists and engineers, who provide the opportunity to challenge, transform and innovate new ideas. CSIRO’s Data61 is committed to sourcing the brightest and best talent to become part of the Data61 family, and contribute to creating Australia’s
 data driven future.

Please view the full position details and instructions on how to apply here:

Position Details Document

Open to applications until filledSenior .Net Developer
    
    
The role will encompasses the full software development life cycle from requirements gathering to implementation. Coding will be in C# and the candidate is required to possess strong analytical and problem solving skills.
A solid experience in the full SDLC of .NET applications through the following:

ASP.NET MVC 3+ WCF, ASMX Web services and RESTful API Entity Framework JavaScript/JQuery, HTML5, CSS3 and bootstrap. DB Management (MS SQL Server 2005 +) Server Management (Windows Server 2008 +) Solid understanding of Architectural and Design Patterns IIS 7 configuration AWS knowledge is an advantage nopCommerce knowledge is an advantage
Role Requirements and Responsibilities:

Designing, coding and testing of software. Excellent problem solving and analytical skills, with SQL and database design.
You must be able to work closely with technical staff, stakeholders and users and be able to work as part of a team to meet tight deadlines.
Ensure that all C# code that you write has appropriate unit tests and that these tests all pass before releasing into production.
Ensuring code is checked into the source code repository based on the Source Code Management Policy.
Ensure tasks are completed in an accurate and timely manner. Have a clear understanding of specific outcomes required with each task Be mindful of risk management. Making sure risk is identified when found. Making sure you update processes and procedures, identify gaps and develop action plans to rectify.
What about you? You are:

Motivated Self-starter Live & breathe new technologies Able to prioritise and juggle workload Have high attention to detail Excellent communication skills
If this sounds like you, please apply NOW by clicking the APPLY NOW button!
Due to high volume of candidates only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.Client Support Specialist
North Adelaide, Australia
 
With nearly 20,000 organizational customers and millions of student users, Blackboard is the world's leading education technology company. Blackboard is shaping the future of education with big ideas that challenge conventional thinking and advance new models
 of learning. Every day we're inspiring people to find new ways to learn, connect and drive change in the way education is delivered and experienced. Through technology and services we bring people closer to the knowledge they seek and to ways they can change
 their own education and the world for the better.
 
Position Responsibilities
 
The Application Support team is responsible for providing second level support to customers for a range of applications that we host and support, with a particular focus on the Moodle LMS. While being a technical role, the position involves a considerable amount
 of communication with both external and internal clients.
 
This role combines a range of responsibilities, specifically s/he will:

Provide support to nominated contacts and act as an interface between clients and other technical teams
Develop and document support processes and procedures Identify, research and resolve complex technical problems Respond to support requests quickly and professionally using our client ticket tracking system
Provide functional support Develop bug fixes
While being a technical role, the position involves a considerable amount of communication with both external and internal clients.
 
Professional Qualifications

Required Skills:

Strong problem solving ability Good web development skills (PHP, HTML, CSS, Javascript, AJAX) Good knowledge of SQL databases (PostgreSQL preferred) Familiarity with Linux / UNIX environments Basic understanding of networking (TCP/IP, Routing, Firewalls etc) Strong written and spoken English language skills Ability to operate with minimal supervision Ability to work well as a member of a team Customer focussed with an understanding that both internal and external customers require you to meet their needs in a professional and understanding manner.
Relevant tertiary qualifications or equivalent commercial experience
Preferred Skills:

Knowledge of integration technologies such as SOAP, REST, LDAP etc is a plus Knowledge of source code management is desirable. Good knowledge of Learning Management Systems (in particular Moodle) Experience working in or with a University, TAFE or RTO will be highly regarded
This job description is not designed to contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required. Nothing in this job description restricts management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities at any
 time. 

Blackboard is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, age, color, religion, national origin, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, or any other protected
 factor.face2face Reference Number #7835 Australian Citizens Permanent Role Multiple Positions Opportunity to obtain security clearance
Out client has been providing end-to-end IT and web solutions to Government, Education and Corporate organisations nationally. 
Role - PHP Developer / Drupal Developer
Skills Required

Drupal 7 experience in theming and functional development Absolute knowledge of HTML and CSS Experience with PHP, MySQL, Javascript, jQuery and Git
Good to Have (Not Essential)

Drupal 8 experience Knowledge or experience with LESS or SASS Custom module development in Drupal Experience with Linux Command Line interface Understanding of Apache Knowledge of Acquia cloud environment
Company Benefits - Free Parking, Gym access, Sit to stand desk, Regular Staff Training etc.
To have a confidential discussion regarding this role, please give Arsh Sangha a call on 02 6163 7500. Alternatively, forward your application to
Arsh directly by using the 'Apply to this Job' link below.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new opportunity, you are most welcome to contact me for a confidential discussion.

    
    Arsh Sangha
ICT Recruitment Consultant
face2face Recruitment 
arsh@f2frecruitment.com.auTechnical Lead (Elixir/React) | Melbourne
      
      
THE ROLE
We're seeking a technical lead to oversee development of the next version of our successful product - we've been around for a while and we're applying the lessons we've learned to the next version. You'll lead our development team in creating a brand new app
 and establishing a solid engineering culture.

ABOUT US
We've got a successful product and a roadmap that will take us into the next several years. We've recently raised a Series A and we're getting ready for the next stage. We've got a nice, centrally-located office close to public transport. You'll have a chance
 to learn technical leadership from one of the best.

ABOUT YOU
You have a background of several years in software engineering, preferably at scale. You're an Elixir dev, or a Ruby dev who wants a chance to write some Elixir professionally. 

As a lead, you're not just about ones and zeroes - you're about people as well. You get real satisfaction from helping someone achieve their professional goals. You're someone who wants the chance to build a team as well as a product. Previous experience in
 setting up a build and deployment pipeline is a bonus.

THE OFFER
- Your boss and peers are technical
- Lead role with a chance to build your own team
- Great location
- Competitive salary

APPLY NOW
Applying is easy. Send an email with your resume, website, Github account, links to apps or anything else you're proud of. At that point I'll tell you more about the role and we can decide if there's a fit.

I'm a technical recruiter who is actually technical. I love to talk all things tech and am passionate about connecting excellent people to awesome opportunities. If this role isn't quite right but you are a passionate Ruby or JavaScript professional, I'd love
 to buy you a coffee and have a chat.

Toby Nieboer | @tcn33 | toby@lookahead.com.au
      
      Toby Nieboer
0415 962 212About us

Neto is the only Australian retail and wholesale management platform that provides a complete solution for eCommerce, POS, Inventory & Fulfillment

We empower everyone to sell everywhere. In Australia, over 2,500 businesses now use our platform to run their retail stores and cumulatively they have turned over more than $2 billion through our service. 

Our customers include some of Australia's best known online retail success stories. Find out more at www.neto.com.au.

The Position

The Data Migration Specialist will work as part of the professional services team to ensure the smooth migration of product and content data between software systems, while supporting  the team with additional tasks and projects related to the backend setup
 and running of businesses on our platform. 

Responsibilities

Despite the diversity of the role, the key priority for this person will be migrating product and content data between software systems which will include:

Using MySQL and other database technologies to migrate data between software systems.
Writing code for data migration. Designing, maintaining and implementing data bases, data structures, tables, dictionaries and naming conventions to ensure the accuracy and completeness of all data master files.  
Identify innovation opportunities 
While you will be focused primarily on data migrations, you will also be providing additional services including:

Shipping matrix and rates configuration XML and CSV data feed setup 
Skills Required

To be successful in this role you will posses the following:

Education in software or database design/development Great customer service skills Highly proficient with MySQL and experienced with other database technologies
Experience with Excel and other spreadsheet tools Thorough understanding of XML, JSON and CSV data Competence with HTML 
The following skills would be a beneficial but are not essential:

Ecommerce experience - exposure to the Neto platform would be a bonus! Experience within the retail industry Proficient with Javascript Experience and/or understanding of logistics/shipping/fulfillment process 
A good sense of humour and a willingness to participate in our social office atmosphere is also important.

Our Culture

Neto is a collaborative and energetic environment with a lot of like minded people who are REALLY great at what they do.  Rewarding staff is very important to us so we have a number of great staff benefits: 

Monthly company-wide parties  Monthly company-wide lunches Regular fundraising and charity events A free online store to help you live out your entrepreneurial dreams State-of-the-art offices complete with a games room, scooter track, beer on tap and espresso machines
Access to work-life coaching program for you and your family 
Location

Our offices are located in South Brisbane, minutes from the train station. The ideal location for anyone looking for easy access to public transport! 

Apply Now

We are looking for energetic talents who are passionate and have the desire to succeed. If you are a high achiever who is willing to learn and grow with us, come and join our team!

Applications will be treated as strictly confidential.
        
        
          Karen Whiteford
07 3062 2334Java | J2EE Application Developers 
      
      • Location : Melbourne , Australia
• Salary : $80,000 - $110,000 + Super [ Depending on Experience ]
• Position : Full stack Developer 
• Job Type : Permanent 

* INTERVIEWING NOW*
*Please mention your VISA Status/Working Rights in your Resume *
________________________________________________________________________

Looking for an enthusiastic Full Stack Web Developer to join a dynamic team with over 20 years of experience with innovative culture. The company is expanding their Melbourne office and are looking for a skilled Full stack Web Developer developers to join their
 team. 
Requirements for this role:

• Degree in Computer Science or related communications technologies.
• Commercial experience in Core Java OR Enterprise Java 
• Experience in JavaScript | Jquery
• Excellent experience in developing web apps and cloud driven API’s
• Experience with Angular JS | Node JS | React JS | Scala 
• Experience in using CSS extensions
• Familiar with REST/HTTP communication. 
• Well-developed technical documentation skills.
• Understanding of responsive design & implementation.
• Implement sophisticated UI/UX concepts.
• Experience in working with Agile Environment.
• Proven cross device testing and debugging skills .

This job offers an opportunity to continue your career at a fantastic company that offers Flexible working hours with a great competitive Salary + Super + Bonus

To apply, press APPLY or please send a copy of your most recent CV to Y.bhatia@pearsonfrank.com or, contact directly on 03 90883723 to discuss your experience and the role in more detail.

Yugal Bhatia
03 90883723
https://au.linkedin.com/in/yugal-bhatia-084183139



JAVA / JavaScript / AWS / Developer / Angular / Backend / Fullstack / Consultant / Web / Database



Nigel Frank International is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy..Net Technical Lead
    
    
The Tech 
Your team will be responsible for a complex array of systems, services, tools and reports that control all aspects for the platform.
The platform is built upon a large scale distributed microservices architecture with AngularJS, C#, SQLServer, PostgreSQL in the stack, plus a powerful data processing backend built on an AWS Redshift data warehouse cluster. You will employ DDD, CQRS & Event
 Sourcing, message queuing and Event Stream Processing and Cloud patterns in your daily challenges.
We're big on Agile development, microservices, DevOps and automation, CI/CD etc. We love new and interesting tech. Never because it's shiny - but because it helps us solve problems.
REQUIREMENTS

Proven technical and team leadership skills Bachelor degree preferred, professional qualification certification or equivalent experience
Minimum 5 years hands-on C# experience, async/await, Linq, ASP.NET MVC framework
Commercial experience with Event Stream Processing or CQRS architectures NuGet package eco-system Dependency injection C# unit test skills Experience with message queuing architectures Experience in database design and query performance tuning A demonstrable knowledge of data structures and basic algorithms
NICE TO HAVE

Amazon Web Service (Lambda, Kinesis, RedShift, CloudFormation, DynamoDB) Browser end debugging skills (network traffic, JavaScript debugging) HTTP protocol, Rest API, WebHook Source control skills (Git, GitHub, BitBucket)
BENEFITS

Working alongside some of the best and brightest software engineers Job related training inhouse and support for external training Global network with unlimited growth opportunities Employee share scheme giving employees a financial stake in the business Health and wellness initiatives Company gathering and celebration 3 times a year Staff awards program; Generous staff referral program
IF THIS SOUNDS LIKE YOU APPLY NOW!!!.Net Grad / Junior Developer
		• Permanent Opportunity
• Grad / Junior Developer Role
• Excellent Career Development
 
Exciting Start-Up is looking for a .Net Developer Grad / Junior to join their team in Sydney. You will be part of a highly skilled and progressive team within a rapidly growing business. You will learn from the best and be given the opportunity to really develop
 your career. The right candidate needs to be passionate about .Net
 
Requirement
• Experience using C# in a professional environment
• Comfortable with pure Javascript programming
• Basic CSS skills
• Ability to write basic queries to database (SQL)
• Eager to learn new technologies 
• Excellent verbal and written communication skills
 
The role is available immediately, so please don't hesitate and apply today.Senior Web Developer
      
      Permanent job Opportunity for an experienced Senior Web Developer
      
      
        Permanent Opportunity
        
        Great Working Culture
        
        Senior Web Developer
        
      
      
Permanent Opportunity for an experienced Senior Web Developer

Your new company
We currently have an exciting job opportunity for an experienced Senior Web Developer to join a creative and collaborative team. This organisation are well-known for their expertise in the Web Development space.

Your new role


You'll be a Senior member in the Development team, designing, creating and maintaining web applications and interactive products using multiple technologies in a fast paced, busy environment.You'll have a strong contribution to specifications, detailed coding, performance testing and implement web applications.You will also need to work collaboratively and communicate effectively with others, including client stakeholders, developers, project managers and account managers.

What you'll need to succeed
You'll need advanced knowledge of formal coding methodology and industry standards, as well as range of technical expertise which include:

Extensive experience and proficiency in WordPress CMS and pluginsExtensive experience and proficiency in WooCommerceProficient in HTML, DHTML, XHTML, XML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, and CGIKnowledge of or Hands on experience using JIRA

What you'll get in return
Our client pride themselves on their great working environment and culture, as well as their open plan and modern approach to their office space. They are all about growing their employee's to be more innovative and more creative!

Sound like you? What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. For further information please contact Phillip Williams on phillip.williams@hays.com.au



      
      
      Reference Number:
        1892902
      
      
      To apply please click
        the 'Apply' button below..NET Developer (Contract) - Canberra
      
      
.NET Developer – Contract till March 2018 – Canberra

My client is an Australian government department based in Canberra with a strong team growing from strength to strength. Due to expansion and recent winning in new large projects they are seeking for 2 X Strong .NET Developers to be based in Canberra on a 3
 month contract with view to extension till March 2018.

The Software Developer will be responsible for:

Develop, test, implement, support and maintain high-quality software components to specification in accordance with the standards.
Participate in standards development, peer review and continuous improvement.
Develop and maintain system / technical documentation Liaise with the IT Branch staff as required

Required skills:
       •      Demonstrated recent experience in the development of software applications using Visual Studio, ASP.Net MVC, .Net 4.5, JavaScript, and SQL Server.
       •      Develops tests and maintains software applications
       •      Experience working in an agile small team environment managing both new development and system maintenance.
       •      Good communication skills both written and oral.
       •      Conforms to the APS code of conduct and values, and promotes a safe work environment.
       •      Australian Citizenship and a willingness to undergo security vetting to the BASELINE level.

This is a contract opportunity and will suit a contract .NET Developer for an IMMEDIATE start. Click
APPLY Now.

Contact Charmaine Thum on 03 9020 1996 to have a confidential chat or cthum@siriustechnology.com.au
 
 

      
      Charmaine Thum
03 9020 1996
cthum@siriustechnology.com.auFront End Developer
		Do you love working with a highly-skilled, fast-paced team in a startup environment?

Responsible for the front-end design and development of an incredible product you will also need to be highly process driven and be involved in high level discussions & requirement gathering. You will work with Product Designers and founders to build a next-generation
 web application with a focus on an exceptional client-side experience. You will need the ability to take concepts and high level discussions, develop solutions and turn them into actionable tasks for the team. 

Technical skills:
Responsive Website Design
HTML5
CSS3 / SASS
Solid JavaScript
jQuery
React/Angular
JavaScript unit testing (Jasmine, Karma or Mocha)
Third party APIs
Version Control (preferably Git)
Cross-browser compatibility
Experience with and/or exposure to NodeJS
Experience with and/or exposure to build tools (Grunt, Webpack, Gulp)

Others:
Degree qualified in Computer Science or similar
Must come from a development background with strong problem solving and analytical skills
Previous experience working for a high traffic, high profile website preferred 
Strong Agile mindset and a positive attitude
Great communicator
Self-motivated and detail-oriented

If you are looking to join a highly successful team and build your career surrounded by some of the best developers in Australia than this is the role for you.Software Engineer - Cloud, IoT
      
      


Solve challenging R&D problems using a cutting-edge tech stackDeliver products that benefit the Australian community & economyJoin CSIRO Data61, the largest data innovation group in Australia
The Position
As a Software Engineer in the Engineering & Design program, you will work closely with software engineers, researchers and our user experience team to build products from Data61 research and technology. As a member of the Smart Infrastructure Engineering team,
 you will apply technologies including IoT and remote sensing, machine learning and analytics to a range of applications, from monitoring of civil infrastructure to precision agriculture. You will be developing scalable cloud software in various programming
 languages, including functional Scala and Python.

Location: Eveleigh, NSW
Salary: CSOF5 $92K - $100K plus up to 15.4% superannuation or
CSOF6 $106K - $124k plus up to 15.4% superannuation
Tenure: Indefinite
Reference: 42884

To be successful you will need:

A Bachelor degree in a scientific or engineering discipline such as Computer Science or equivalent commercial experience in software engineeringExpertise developing and deploying cloud softwareExperience with contemporary software development tools and practises: version control, unit testing, automated testing, issue tracking
Experience with any of the following would also be beneficial:

Databases (SQL and NoSQL, time-series, administration, performance tuning, schema design and modelling, stored procedures, triggers, clustering, query design and evaluation)Varied programming language paradigms (Scala, Python, Haskell, Ruby, JavaScript)AWS deployment (EC2, ECS, IAM, CloudFormation, Lambda)DevOps (Ansible) and container (Docker, Kubernetes) technologiesContinuous integration/continuous deployment (Jenkins)Web applications (frontend/single-page apps, RESTful APIs, backend services)Linux/UNIX and cloud developmentMessage queues (Kafka, Kinesis, NATS, RabbitMQ)Agile project management
Who we are: The Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO)

At CSIRO, we do the extraordinary every day. We innovate for tomorrow and help improve today - for our customers, all Australians and the world. We imagine. We collaborate. We innovate.

CSIRO’s Data61 business unit is the largest data innovation group in Australia, bringing together approximately 600 research and development staff working in digital technologies to
 create benefit for Australia. Data61 develops Australia's future leaders with its strong 300+ PhD student program in collaboration with our best universities across Australia.

Our Commitment to you:
We work flexibly at CSIRO, offering a range of options for how, when and where you work. Talk to us about how this role could be flexible for you. We emphasise an individual’s growth and development which is supported by interacting and learning from world
 leading scientists and engineers, who provide the opportunity to challenge, transform and innovate new ideas. CSIRO’s Data61 is committed to sourcing the brightest and best talent to become part of the Data61 family, and contribute to creating Australia’s
 data driven future.

Please view the full position details and instructions on how to apply here:

Position Details Document

Open to applications until filledFront end Developer
      
      
So you think working in Front end Development is easy? What about UX design concepts - a breeze right? Well no. It's not a breeze, in fact being great at both would be about as easy as being a Formula1 driver and a heart surgeon. So fortunately, that is
 not what my client is after, however they are after a front end developer with an eye for creativity, someone who has an interest in UX design concepts and can understand basic functions. As well as being an excellent coder in HTML5, CSS3 and Javascript, I
 am also on the look out for some one who is comfortable jumping from framework to framework. With the client having a 2 year pipeline of multiple projects, this is an opportunity to gain commercial experience across multiple frameworks and grow in to more
 of a leadership role. 

My client believes that insurance should be affordable and attainable for all Australians and New Zealanders. That's why in 2004, they became a leading financial services company specialising in insurance distribution and administration. Operating across Australia
 and New Zealand, they offer a range of innovative insurance solutions direct to consumers through propriety brands. Over 10,000 Australians and New Zealanders are already covered by their insurance products.

So, if this has peaked your interest so far and you would like to know more, please apply now via the link or email your CV to Peter Wyld on pwyld@siriustechnology.com.auWe are hiring two Full Stack .Net Developers with exceptional UI skills to join ASAP. Contracts can be 6 or 12 months and the project will go for around 2 years so extensions are guaranteed for high performers.  

We are an Agile team working on high-performance web applications with millions of users. To be successful you must have proven experience across the .Net stack and recent experience working in a full stack or front end focused role with Angular or React. We
 are moving to Angular 2 and ReactJS so experience with either is highly beneficial.


About Us / What We Offer:

Well Known ASX Listed Company Enterprise Level Work Start Up Vibe Offices Casual Dress Code Games Room / Beer Fridge etc Plenty Of Team Trips / Hackathons / Company Events etc We Provide New Equipment / Laptops Work With The Latest Tools Agile / TDD / CI / CD Environment Join A Very Smart & Innovative Dev Team + More... 

Requirements/skills we look for:

ASP.Net  C# MVC5 Design Patterns SOLID Principles  Web API 2  Entity Framework 6 JavaScript HTML5 CSS3 Responsive Web Design  Mobile SQL Server 2012 / 2015 (T-SQL) Agile Unit Testing CI / CD GIT 
Bonus skills: 

Azure Angular / Angular 2.0 / TypeScript React / Redux Node.js Experience with Banking & Finance systems 

Interviews taking place immediately. We look forward to hearing from you.AKQA - Senior Front End Developer
      
      
Company Description
At AKQA, we believe in the imaginative application of art and science to create beautiful ideas, products and services. With an entrepreneurial and collaborative approach, we design adaptive digital services and applications that capture the imagination,
 delivering impressive returns for our clients.
 
Job Description
As a Senior Front End Developer, you'll be responsible for leading the development of web and mobile solutions for AKQA's sophisticated, high-profile clients. You'll work closely with AKQA's teams of designers, UX specialists, technical developers and project
 managers. You'll guide client teams to the best possible solutions and ensure we consistently deliver high-quality front-end development. This includes translating design concepts to HTML, building to accessibility requirements and executing compatibility
 and performance testing.
At AKQA Melbourne, you will work in a meritocratic culture, surrounded by some of the brightest minds in their fields. You will have the opportunity to learn and grow within a creative and technically advanced team, and have access to ongoing personal and
 professional development. At AKQA, we are committed to your career growth, as well as to your work/life balance.

ROLE REQUIREMENTS

5+ years development experience, especially on enterprise-level mobile/responsive website projects.
Skilled in HTML5/CSS/Advanced jQuery/JavaScript/JavaScript OOP/Design Patterns as well as CMS integration.
Cross-platform browser testing ability (Mac / PC / IOS / Android). Experience with W3C website accessibility standards, JavaScript frameworks such as Backbone.js and Angularjs, and Photoshop (intermediate).
CSS Pre-processor experience such as SASS/LESS. Sound understanding of concepts such as SMACSS, OCSS or BEM. Experience with Foundation, Twitter Bootstrap or similar frameworks. ASP.NET experience. Strong understanding of performance and optimisation.

QUALITIES AND CHARACTERISTICS

Desire to learn and embrace the latest technologies. A highly motivated, productive and collaborative approach to your work. Strong communication skills. Exceptional attention to detail.
One of our most exciting and forward thinking technology clients is looking to add to their well-established, web development team here in Sydney and has tasked us with finding them passionate and eager Web Developers.
 
This is a Front-end, browser-focused role, which will see you drawing on your experience with web standards in CSS and
Javascript.  You'll be responsible for the development and maintenance of single-page, cross-browser web applications. You can challenge yourself and your ideas, whilst continually learning from this amazing technical team.
 
You'll have an opportunity to help provide the best experience possible for their users, to share knowledge and learning in this Agile environment.  As well as working as a key member of their, collaborative and industry leading team.
 
What you'll need to succeed:

Degree and/or tertiary education in related discipline A portfolio demonstrating knowledge and experience with web based technologies
2+ years commercial experience (mid Level) or 5+ years experience (senior level) in front-end web development
Solid and demonstrable, commercial experience in producing CSS and html, working with
JavaScript, AngularJS and other front-end languages Experience with a CSS preprocessor like SASS with the ablity to write consistent and clean stylesheets 
Experience in writing html and CSS that is semantic and drives accessibility and usability 
Experience working in an Agile Environment ideal Demonstrably strong stakeholder engagement and management skills, with the ability to work with both technical and business stakeholders
Outstanding communication skills both written and verbal 
Not only will you be working on responsive, cross-browser, global web products, but you'll have a chance to work and build your career, in a friendly, relaxed and yet driven team of Technology experts.  

If you're passionate about front-end development and are ready to build your career in an interesting and varied role, apply now by clicking the link below.  For additional details or questions email jess@connects2.com.au
        
        
          Jessica AtkinsWebIT+ListOnce requires another talented and enthusiastic front end web developer with an eye for PHP or Python to join our growing team based in SW Sydney.
We're a friendly and relaxed, but also highly proficient team, and we're going places! Escape the rat-race of the CBD, while still solving interesting problems for our clients within the property and real estate industry.
There is plenty of scope for creativity and innovation in this diverse position. Excellent communication and task/time management is essential to work effectively with both your colleagues and directly with clients. 
Essential requirements:

 Thorough knowledge of HTML, CSS and JavaScript  3-5 years experience in a similar SaaS or Digital Agency setup  Sufficient PHP and/or Python knowledge (Wordpress or Django a plus!)  Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including the confidence and ability to communicate directly with clients
 Must take great pride in your work, and have a very good eye for detail  A hard worker with a really positive 'can-do attitude'

Bonus points given for:

 The ability to use an API in JSON format  SEO knowledge  General knowledge of Databases, browser related issues, and web based security issues
 Ability to quote, plan, schedule and report on multiple projects and tasks  Tertiary qualifications  Experience with multi-lingual websites  Shows best practice and considerations regarding webpage load times, weight etc.

What can we offer you?

 Competitive Remuneration  A friendly office away from the CBD in South-West Sydney  A diverse range of problems to solve across multiple products in the property and real estate industry
 The ability to take your existing skillset and expand it outside your area of expertise (into Backend, Systems Admin, SEO, Marketing etc. etc)

The position is located at our modern offices at 'Centric Park Central' in Macarthur/Campbelltown, which is a large professional precinct with cafes and shops, and is very close to supermarket, transport and all amenities.

Come and join our talented team, and enjoy a diversity of work which will see you progress your skills and experience to the next level - both technical and account/project management.
Applicants must be Australian citizens and be willing to demonstrate their abilities with examples of their work. Immediate start available. 
For more information about the type of solutions WebIT+ListOnce provides on a day to day basis please see our websites (http://www.webit.com.au | https://www.listonce.com.au)
APPLY NOW with both brief cover letter and your resume in Word or PDF.

        
        
          To discuss the role or requirements, contact the hiring manager:
Jason Havenaar
Technical Architect / Project Manager
jason@webit.com.au
1300 655 448

(no recruiters please)Are you passionate, excited and keen to grow your career in web development? Then this is the perfect opportunity for you! An exciting career opportunity has arisen to work at the leading edge of website data analytics as a Web Developer with InSite
 Logic. 
As InSite is rapidly growing and this provides you with the fantastic opportunity to grow with us, by not only showcasing your exceptional abilities as a Web Developer, but through your motivation, drive and leadership skills.
What is InSite?
InSite is a company that provides a data analytics solution, currently specialising in the property industry. This patented, bespoke data analytics application has minimal Australian and international competition. The company is innovative, embracing new methods
 and processes to remain at the leading edge of this sector of the IT industry.

As a consequence, the company is experiencing strong growth that has led to this new role for a Web Developer, where you'll be given constant opportunities to grow your skill set and challenge your abilities.
Role
The role involves working alongside experienced developers and UX designers, helping to further develop and maintain the data analytics solutions.

Specifically, you will work with version control methodologies and Google Cloud Solutions in an Agile environment (Jira), programming in:


PHP (Silex/Symfony framework experience an advantage)

MySQL

HTML

CSS

JavaScript (including JQuery and React)

Java Programming experience an advantage
 

Candidate
We're looking for a fast learner who has a web programming background, preferably a minimum of 3+ years' experience and a proven track record programming in a web development environment.

That experience will have equipped you with expert skills in the technologies listed above. In addition, it's desirable you have good knowledge and experience of:


Object Oriented Programming

Google App Engine and other Google Cloud platform services or similar services.

Version control methodology (Git & BitBucket)

Agile Methodology (specifically Jira)

Mac, Windows and Linux based operating systems.

Browser specific compatibility issues.

Essential personal attributes include a self-starter, motivated approach, well-developed communication ability, plus good organisational skills that enable you to work towards and meet deadlines, identifying and overcoming possible barriers to achieving
 those timelines.

The role is based in the company's North Geelong office. The collegiate environment fostered by the company does not allow for working remotely.Omologist aspires to develop a platform that will genuinely assist businesses to manage their online marketing. We are looking for the best talent to help deliver on this outcome for business around the world.
Online marketing is confusing for many businesses and evolves on a regular basis. Many businesses need to utilise online marketing in order to keep working (ie electricians and plumbers) or to generate ongoing order flow (e-commerce) or bring new readers
 (blogs, newspapers, etc.) but don't have the skill base, time, budgets, tools, knowledge and implementation capability to do this effectively.
Our business is to solve this problem by building an online marketing platform. The business idea has developed and we part way through developing the first stage of the platform with the goal of marketing first stage to customers and potential investors.
The skill base we are looking for.

Senior Web Developer in dot net technologies. MVC, HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, C#, SQL Server Large scale web development experience Cloud Computing skills and experiences such as Azure
The role will be based in Sydney Australia. We are only looking for people already living in Sydney Australia.
Equity and Co-Founder
We are looking for someone who can commit possibly part time or preferably full time on the startup in exchange for equity and be a co-founder.
As this is a startup, there is no salary with the role, only equity and status of co-founder.
Only candidates in Sydney Australia will be considered.
If you are interested in discussing further please submit your CV.
Desired Skills and Experience
Minimum qualifications:

Minimum 10 years experience BS degree in Computer Science, a similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.
Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages - JavaScript, C#, SQL, HTML, NET, Algorithms, jQuery, HTML5, MVC, MVC Architecture.
Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English.
Preferred qualifications:

Master's, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.
Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective-C, JavaScript.
Experience working with Machine Learning
Recruitment Agencies – Omologist does not accept applications from recruitment agencies.Software Developer - Leading brand employer
      
       
* Software Development opportunities
*Permanent career roles with leading Blue Chip Brand
* Sydney CBD Location

We have excellent career opportunities for Software Developer's to join a growing development team based in Sydney's CBD.

The key requirements are as follows:

6+ years in a dedicated Software Development role Develop and test web based solutions across the full application stack using a combination of JavaScript based technologies and frameworks such as Node.js and Angular.jsExperience working across the full stack and a working knowledge of HTML5, CSS3 and meta-languages like CoffeeScript, HAML and SASS, plus experience with AWS or other cloud based infrastructure providers.Ensure solutions are testable and write automated unit, integration and E2E tests that support deliveryDesign innovative technical solutions and estimate the work requiredUse a continuous delivery mind-set to ensure a frictionless path to productionLead by example in all areas of software development and mentor team members in practices and principlesKeep abreast of bleeding edge technologies and champion their use where appropriate
Our client is ready to interview and recruit these roles at short notice with a competitive salary package on offer.PHP Developer
      
      
        Attractive salary, perks and career-growth is guaranteed
        
        Learn latest technologies (training budget for all technical staff)
        
        Fast-track into leadership role
        
      
      
This rapidly expanding Venture Marketing agency is searching for a talented and enthusiastic PHP Developer to join their growing team in Melbourne.  


Working alongside 30+ staff across Melbourne and Sydney you will develop world-class web applications and more for a local and global portfolio of clients.  

The successful PHP Developer will possess the following skills/experience:

4+ years proven experience working as a PHP Developer 4+ years experience coding websites and digital marketing experiences Solid frontend skills - HTML, CSS, JavaScript etc Experience across a broad range of technologies (VueJS is highly benefcial) Enjoy collaborating with designers, developers and strategists Big agency experience a plus 
If you are a highly experienced PHP Developer possessing all the requisite skills, seeking an opportunity to develop world-class web applications for local and international brands, please apply with your latest resume to jobs@pbisearch.com.au immediately.
   Interviewing now!  

      
      Suite 206, 83 York Street, Sydney NSW 2000
        Telephone: 02 8014 8959
        Fax 02 8275 8877Loop Software Pty Ltd requires a junior developer/support technician based out of our Head Office in Melbourne's Eastern Suburbs.
Please note this role is junior and suits recent graduates and those with little to no industry experience. You must have a higher education qualification in a computing related area i.e. computer science, information technology.
We are a small team developing and supporting our web based applications, primarily in the education industry. The work environment is relaxed and friendly and we enjoy a great work ethic whilst maintaining high standards, and a reputation for excellent
 service with our customers.
About the role
This role will initially be in technical support of an existing application, assisting clients with technical enquiries via phone and email using remote access tools and training in our system and the skills required will be provided. The position offers the
 ability for the right candidate to achieve career advancement into development both on existing and new applications.
The ideal candidate will be a fast learner, passionate about technology, have excellent written and oral communication and organisational skills and will be able to take initiative to go the extra mile to ensure the best result possible.
Skills & Experience
• Tertiary qualification in a development focused area e.g. Software Engineering, Computer Science
• Strong problem solving and time management skills
• Strong verbal and written communication skills
• Experience developing web based applications
• Experience with the following technologies:

    ASP.Net     HTML5     JavaScript     jQuery     CSS     Microsoft SQL Server
Applications should include:
• Curriculum Vitae
• A cover letter addressing your suitability for the position as described
Visit www.loopsoftware.com.au for more information.
 
NO calls or emails from recruiters pleaseSenior Developer (Web)
      
      

Permanent RoleCBD BasedGreat company culture
Our client a leading organisation is looking for a Senior Developer to be a part of their highly professional team. You will be working closely with sharp and innovative people who are dedicated and driven and more than happy to share their
 knowledge with you.

Required Skills and experience:

Minimum 5+ years of experience writing custom HTML, CSS and JavaScriptProficient understanding of Object Oriented JavaScript, with the ability to write clean, reusable JavaScript from scratch (not just jQuery)Good understanding of UX/UI concepts Good understanding of server-side languages (PHP, Ruby, Python)PrototypeJS and Magento would be a plus
If this role is of your interest, please submit your CV by clicking the "Apply for this job" button below or call Vimal on 08 8228 1562 for a confidential chat.Front End Developer
        
        
This exciting digital organisation are currently on the look out for a Front End developer to join their team. The role will involve engaging closely with the other developers and sharing your skills to produce high quality code.

More on the company: They are a well recognised Australian brand looking to rapidly expand their team out due to ongoing success and demand.


What they're after:

HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, ES5/ES6 - interest in more modern frameworks such as
React and AngularIdeally experienced in back-end web technologies such as Node,
C# and .NetSQL, MS SQL ServerMust have AWS previous experience (EC2, SNS, SQS, RDS)Experience with CD/TDD

This is an excellent opportunity for the right candidate to really progress their career in a company that has their sights on growing using all the latest tech.

If this looks interesting and you would like to hear more, please click 'APPLY' and one of our agents will be in contact.
Hydrogen UK Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.

        
        Hydrogen Group
          Level 17, 9 Castlereagh Street, Sydney, NSW 2000Full stack Software Developer - React / Node
      
      Full-stack Software Developer - React / Node

Industry disrupting product development start up are on the search for talented full-stack developers with specific interest in Node & React / React Native.

They specialise in building rapid digital product prototypes.

They do this using rapid development technologies, testing with users and iterating quickly.

They're looking for people with great product genes, who have a mix of skills which allows them to contribute to the team in more than one area. They also proactively upskill, so there's opportunity for you to get up the curve on new aspects, providing you
 with the platform to accelerate your learning.

They're looking for people with two or more of the following competencies, the more the better:

Technology:
Frontend developer (React, JS, CSS) - Your abilities with React will be a make or break factor in this process.
Backend developer (Node, JS, Java, REST, other languages a bonus)
Mobile developer (React-native / IOS / android / ionic)

Product: (Even a personal interest, rather than commercial would be beneficial)
Growth hacking,
UX / CX,
Visual Design,
Product Management,
Human Centered Design / Design Thinking,
Data science,
Machine Learning

They're also looking for the following cultural traits:
Open and honest
Willing to work collaboratively
Willing to work directly with clients
Hungry to learn and improve
Enjoys making digital products
Energy

They ask for candidates to complete a short, JavaScript technical test initially.
This will utilise React, so you must be at least somewhat familiar with the way it works.

If this sounds of interest (and it should!), please get in touch with links to your Github/Bitbucket and your resume.Frontend Developer / Web Developer
      
      
        Multi award-winning global media advertising giant
        
        Work across multiple projects with latest FE tech
        
        Attractive salary, perks and career-path are guaranteed
        
      
      
This multi award-winning Digital Media Giant with offices in 10 major cities across the globe is seeking the services of a highly talented Frontend Developer / Web Developer to join their rapidly expanding team.
 
The successful Frontend Developer / Web Developer will be responsible for a range of projects including the implementation of user interfaces in browsers and other devices. 
 
To be considered for this exciting career-growth opportunity, you must possess the following skills/experience:


3-4 years minimum commercial experience as a Frontend Developer / Web Developer 
Cross platform HTML5 and CSS3 development experience Solid experience in Responsive web design Email Direct Marketing (EDMs; HTML emails) JavaScript development experience Previous experience in Framework-based development (AngularJS, JQuery) Previous experience working with PHP and related back-end technologies Source control experience - Git Flawless communication skills are essential 
If you are a talented Frontend Developer / Web Developer possessing all of the requisite skills, seeking an opportunity to join this global media giant, please apply with your latest resume to jobs@pbisearch.com.au immediately.  Interviewing now for an
 immediate start!  


      
      Suite 206, 83 York Street, Sydney NSW 2000
        Telephone: 02 8014 8959
        Fax 02 8275 8877Digital Producer
      
      
Our client, a leader in the health and beauty market, has an outstanding opportunity for a hands-on Digital Producer role to coordinate the company’s end-to-end digital production process.

As the post holder, you will be required to coordinate with internal and external stakeholders to coordinate the production process to completion. You will be an excellent collaborator and problem solver and expected to provide expertise in analysing new development
 initiatives and producing development roadmaps. To perform this role to the required standard you should have strong experience in managing end-to-end digital projects as well as technical expertise in a variety of languages such as HTML, CSS, SASS and Javascript/jQuery.


Requirements


Strong experience in Information Technology or CommunicationsCMS experienceExpertise in HTML, CSS, SASS, JavaScript/JQueryAn understanding of responsive web design principalsA history of managing end-to-end digital productsUI/UX experience

Team player that enjoys providing guidance to both technical and non-technical team members alike are highly encouraged to apply.

For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Kevin Monahan at kmonahan@welovesalt.com or call 0413.875.852


      
      
        
        
        Level 10, 8 Spring Street
        Sydney NSW 2000
        www.welovesalt.comDeveloper
      
      


Exciting, permanent full stack development rolesMelbourne, VICApplication close date: 28th July 2017
ORIGIN - AUSTRALIA’S LEADING INTEGRATED ENERGY COMPANY
An integral part of Australia’s energy future, we explore, produce, generate and sell energy to power millions of Australian homes and businesses every day, keeping them going and growing.
Origin offers exciting and rewarding career opportunities - from project management and leadership, to technical and engineering. Working for Origin can take you all over Australia - in the field, as well as in the office - or around the world. With global
 energy demand growing, Origin is looking for new ways to meet that need and create tomorrow’s energy solutions. It’s an exciting time to be a part of Origin.

The Role

Through Power of Choice, customers will have access to their electricity usage data more readily, and retailers will be able to use this information to provide customers with new products and services - such as choices in billing frequency, quicker energisation
 or de-energisation of sites, apps to monitor usage and set alerts for high energy use. As a result, we are seeking strong Developers to join a rapidly growing team to develop reliable and robust technology to support meter installers, technicians and office
 staff.

Working with the Acumen IT Service Owner, you’ll be responsible for:

Developing advanced technical solutions on premise and in the cloud (AWS)Providing technical resolution of 2nd and 3rd level application support enquires including standard service requests, including data load / extract / updates (with a focus on automation)End to end ownership of technical problems and solutions including software design, code level in depth technical analysis of Acumen IT systems and supporting services, comprehensive application testing and implementationProject managing solutions, communicating timelines, issues and resolution to our StakeholdersParticipation in Acumen ITs on-call (Standby) support roster
Is This You?

This is an opportunity for candidates who are interested in growing professionally and delivering highly visible and challenging piece of work. Working on bleeding edge technologies, you’ll thrive operating in a Dev-Ops environment and collaborating regularly
 with Testers and BA’s and Business Users around functionality. You enjoy working with your team to resolve business problems from end to end.

The successful candidate will ideally have the following experience:

Strong experience in JavascriptDevelopment in React or React NativeExperience using serverless technologySoftware development with experience in a dev-ops environmentCloud based platforms and services
We embrace the diversity of our people and flexible working arrangements to ensure our workforce is representative of the communities that we serve.

Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Peoples are encouraged to apply.

MAKE AN IMPACT ON AUSTRALIA'S ENERGY FUTURE
If dynamic and challenging career opportunities and workplace flexibility are important to you, go with the employer that thinks differently.
For more information, contact Nezar Asyo on 03 8665 7551.

Job Requisition: 47721Ezypay is one of the oldest and most awarded fintech companies in Australia.  Unlike many fintech's we have been profitable from day one and continue to expand and grown and now operate across 8 countries globally, with many more on the horizon.  We are
 kind of like the grandfather of the industry yet we have maintained our entrepreneurial spirit and have been recognised as one of the fast growing companies in Australia and one of the best place to work.  We have been expanding our executive team to manage
 our growth and we are now looking for a Chief Technology Officer to join the team reporting directly to the Chief Executive Officer.
To fulfil our purpose to make subscription payments "ezy", Ezypay empowers our customers to simplify complex payment user cases through our easy to use subscription platform.  As the Chief Technology Officer, you will collaboratively lead the evolution of
 the technology across Ezypay's entire product portfolio in support of this purpose. In addition, you will ensure our technology remains competitive within the market to further extend our customer base and user satisfaction.
Responsibilities

Partner with the Chief Product Officer to develop and implement a portfolio-wide technology strategy that evolves our technology in support of our strategic business goals and key partner requirements.
Lead Ezypay's architecture team of technologists and technology owners to define technical blueprints, roadmaps, and principles that drive day-to-day design decisions.
Infuse the organization with a shared strategic architecture vision and guiding principles that empowers autonomous local design decisions.
Evangelize and teach the organization the psychology and science of how to help normal people to understand and manage subscription payments.
Ensure mission critical security across Ezypay's portfolio through shown knowledge of secure-by-design architecture and practices.
Requirements

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field
15+ years of experience in software engineering and architecture Consistent track record developing and executing a vision for the company's technical direction.
Demonstrated technical leadership of complex, secure, high-volume, and highly available processing environments
Deep experience designing large scale, high performance, distributed systems (e.g. cloud) processing massive amounts of data with high throughput characteristics.
Experience building scalable application architectures and with the progression from traditional frameworks to micro services.
Experience with complex systems that deal with large volumes of data. Consistent track record securing entire product portfolios at scale through deep knowledge of secure architectures & secure-by-design practices.
Strong collaborative ability to persuade, influence and bring together individuals, teams and organizations. Ability to resolve conflict and drive execution.
Superb communication and presentation skills to audiences of all levels and backgrounds (executive, business, and technical).
Successful startup experience Successful experience at a mid to large size company. Be courageous in terms of speaking one's mind, yet approachable and open to be convinced by other points of view
Open to change, new ideas, find the ebb and flow of our evolving business exciting.
Ability to embrace uncertainty with a contagious attitude of enthusiasm. Like to have fun! Willing and able to roll up the sleeves, to design, review, and put hands on keys.

The CTO is also Chief Technology Communicator. Share and evangelize the technology strategy internally and externally with employees, partners, investors, and customers.
Build and maintain a high-performance team. Higher top engineering talent. Create a highly innovative culture.
Set clear expectations and create a positive work environment based on accountability, in collaboration with the engineering and management teams.
Measure and improve the effectiveness of Ezypay's technology strategy.
The Geeky Stuff
We are playing with this stuff:

Spring Framework Amazon Web Services Cassandra, PostGres, Redis, RDS RabbitMQ Java, Javascript, Python, Node.js GitHub, Jenkins, Bamboo, Packer, Terraform, Cloudformation, ElasticsearchAt SWEAT the worlds number 1 health and fitness app, we strive to enrich our customer's lives; we are driven by success and energised by the future.
Due to growth and expansion, we are seeking a proven talented Full Stack Web Developer to join our professional yet fun team in Adelaide. 
We are a leading digital agency, who develops products that improves people's lives
To be successful in this role, you will have demonstrated experience developing websites and backend systems using frameworks such as Mithril JavaScript and Laraval PHP.
The successful applicant will also posses highly advanced skills and knowledge in analysis, design and programing, with the ability to advice on the best technical solutions within a highly complex technical environment.  Other responsibilities will include,
 but are not limited to:

Understand business requirements and convert them to a solution design Code the design together from design team Complete code reviews Work with QA's to verify functionality Fix bugs and retest Write tests and documentation Deploy updates to live environments
You are an energetic, dynamic and collaborative team member with fluent communication (English, written and verbal) and interpersonal skills and a genuine enthusiasm.  You will be given the opportunity to experience new technologies and assist a winning
 team along the successful future path.
Essential Experience and Qualifications Required:

PHP University degree in computer science or related field At least 5 years commercial experience Working knowledge of HTML5, and modern CSS best practices Experience Mithril JavaScript framework Experience with Laravel PHP frameworks Knowledge of JavaScript build, packaging and delivery tools. NPM, webpack, bower, grunt, etc.
Experience writing test-driven code. Unit, integration, functional and automated browser testing.
Ability to work from a JSON API as the source of all data. Knowledge of Unix command-line, ssh, security best practices, and some Unix admin.
Experience using version control software, especially git.
Desirable:

Publically available code samples, especially in the context of collaborating on Open Source software.
A github/bitbucket repo is ideal.
What is in it for you?
Not only will you be exposed to the latest technology and be allowed to use the most modern tools in the industry, but you will have the opportunity to work alongside a team that will value and respect your for your input.
Please submit a detail application via Seek.Data Scientist
      
      
The organisation
This enterprise leader operates within the telecommunications sector and has a client base which includes some of the biggest household names. Anticipating retail trends, risks and opportunities; they purchase and distribute leading-edge technology and business
 solutions to meet growing customer demands.
The Opportunity
You will provide analytical support and expertise to ensure delivery of a high-quality service to key accounts while creating innovative analytics-based products to further evolve the services.
You will develop substantial expertise in core datasets, analytical systems and the underlying business and customer processes. Your expertise will extend across the broader Australian mobility products market and related supply chain and retail business. Working
 as part of the project teams you will deliver complex high value solutions, while leading the design, delivery and integration of data science components.
Areas where expertise is to be applied include, but are not limited to:

Price elasticity, choice modelling, fraud, market segmentation, interactive data visualisation, churn, analytical CRM, forecasting, geospatial analytics, simulations
Essentially your responsibilities will include:

Undertaking small-to-medium data mining projects, end-to-end (initial concept to final presentation), including effort estimation and quotingCreating high-value insights for senior client audiences (metrics, “deep dives”, tools, visualisations)Participating in larger cross-functional, cross-organisational analytics-based projectsBecoming the Subject Matter Expert on algorithms, statistics and related topics for these projectsCreating advanced information delivery and visualisation solutions across organsiational boundariesWorking effectively with internal and external suppliers and customers on productionising innovations
To be successful you will have:

Three plus years of university mathsAdvanced analytics capabilities (predictive modelling, optimisation and algorithm design) as demonstrated through competence in three or more of R, Python, SQL, JavaScript and related frameworks and librariesCommercial exposure with experience across “Complex products” (mobile phone contracts, mortgages, credit cards, insurance etc)Pricing and risk experienceCuriosity-led mindset, open, tolerant of uncertainty, self-motivatedRetails or Telecommunications experience and postgraduate qualifications and research abilities in a relevant quantitative discipline will be highly regarded.
This in an exciting opportunity to move beyond strategy and implement data environments that explore real-life customer behaviour and market dynamics. Working with a small but growing team of dedicated data scientists and supported by BI professionals, you
 will work with an abundance of customer data and have the ability to really make your mark. You will be led by a PhD who understands the reality of doing this work and enjoy a flexible environment where work/life balance is truly embedded in the culture.
For prompt consideration “apply now” or for confidential discussion, please contact Luana Riki at Think Talent on 0407 848 156 or via email atPHP Developer
      
      
        Attractive salary, perks and career-growth
        
        Work with blue-chip companies in the finance and insurance sector
        
        Work with latest PHP tech and be involved with technology choices through SDLC
        
      
      
Join a rapidly expanding digital media agency as a PHP developer in the heart of the Sydney CBD.  

You will work in state of the art offices and participate in top-level meetings with senior and executive staff whilst engaging in the full development life-cycle of first-class web applications and more.  

Attractive Remuneration Bleeding Edge Technologies Multiple projects City location State of the art offices 
Technical skills (3-5 years minimum in commercial experience)

PHP  Laravel framework or similar  MySQL AWS Solid front-end skills - HTML, CSS, JavaScript and more Ability to make commercially viable technical decisions based on requirements

Personal Traits

Be positive person Good time management and planning Enjoy creating innovative web experiences Be able to discuss or communicate technical issues and solutions with non-technical team members
English language skills must be flawless 
If you are a talented PHP developer possessing all the requisite skills, seeking an opportunity to develop cutting-edge web applications for this rapidly expanding digital agency, please apply with your resume to jobs@pbisearch.com.au
 
Get ahead from the pack and interview now!

      
      Suite 206, 83 York Street, Sydney NSW 2000
        Telephone: 02 8014 8959
        Fax 02 8275 8877CRM Developer / Architect - Federal Government
        
        Rewarding Hourly rates $$$
        
        

High Profile Federal Government Department Minimum 11-month engagement with a view to renew for 12 months!
Multiple positions available + Rewarding Hourly rates $$$
One of Australia's most highly regarded Federal Government Departments is looking to engage in an experienced CRM Developer / Architect to Work within a team of Developers, working on projects delivered using the Agile methodology. You will
 be rewarded with a minimum 11-month contract and receive an excellent hourly rate! 

The successful CRM Developer / Architect will be responsible for, but not limited to;

Supporting and enhancing the suite of applications; Working in a tight-knit Agile project team that includes technical staff and stakeholders
Participating in workshops, and project and Scrum meetings; Performing a coaching role and share knowledge and experience.
The successful candidate must have experience in the following;

Demonstrated practical experience and knowledge in application development with MS Dynamics CRM 2015, including plugins and custom workflows
Demonstrated experience in ASP.Net web applications, web services and Windows Communication Foundations (mandatory)
Strong Knowledge of Languages - Javascript, HTML, Jquery Experience developing complex client/server applications within an agile framework
This is a rare opportunity for a highly skilled and experienced CRM Developer / Architect, wo is looking for a contract within a reputable government organisation! The successful applicant will be offered a rewarding hourly rate for a 11-month
 contract with the view to further extend for 12 months. If you have the required skills, DON'T DELAY, APPLY NOW please forward your resume to jobs@hitechaust.com quoting ref number JS0940 today! For more opportunities
 go to www.hitechaust.com.

        
        HiTech PersonnelJS0940
          at:
          HiTech Personnel
          Level 7, 9 Young Street, Sydney NSW 2000 
          Ph 02 9241 1919 • Fax 02 9241 1731Senior .Net Developer with Sitecore
      
      
        3 month contract with extension!
        
        Attractive daily rate
        
        Global digital company with amazing client portfolio
        
      
      

Due to client demand, this award-winning Global Digital Media Giant with state-of-the-art offices on the city-fringe are seeking the services of a highly skilled Senior .Net developer to strengthen their rapidly expanding team.
 
The successful Senior .Net developer will work alongside designers, developers, producers and account managers in the creation and production of greenfield interactive, online, mobile and broadcast technologies.  Projects are kicking off right now! 
 
To be considered for this exciting contract assignment, you must possess the following skills/experience:  


6+ years solid experience as a .Net Developer - C# ASP.Net  Database programming, configuration and management - MS SQL Previous experience working with Sitecore Advanced front-end skills - HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, XML, AJAX and more
Previous experience creating Web Services and API's Team player with flawless communication skills Previous experience in a digital agency / media giant will be highly advantageous although not essential
Client facing experience beneficial 
If you are a talented Senior .Net Developer with Sitecore, seeking an exciting contract assignment working across multiple greenfield projects for the digital media giant, please apply with your resume to jobs@pbisearch.com.au immediately.  Interviewing
 now! 



      
      Suite 206, 83 York Street, Sydney NSW 2000
        Telephone: 02 8014 8959
        Fax 02 8275 8877Senior Microsoft Dynamics CRM Developer / Architect
      
      
        Microsoft Gold Partner offering training on all the latest MS products
        
        State-of-the-art offices in the heart of the Sydney CBD
        
        Attractive salary, perks and career-growth guaranteed
        
      
      This multi award-winning Consultancy with offices in the heart of the Sydney CBD are seeking the services of a highly experienced Microsoft Dynamics CRM Architect / Practice Lead to join their rapidly expanding dynamic team. 
 
The successful Microsoft Dynamics CRM Architect / Practice Lead will be a leading position in a new CRM Practice in a well-established Microsoft Gold Partner Systems Integrator based in Sydney. This presents an opportunity for the right person to take on the
 role of Architect/Functional Consultant with the view of moving into a Practice Lead in the near future upon demonstration of your ability to help grow a new Dynamics CRM Practice.
 
To be considered for this exciting career-growth opportunity, you must possess the following skills/experience:   

• Minimum 5 years of experience as a Microsoft Dynamics CRM Developer/Architect
• Formal business analysis and CRM accreditation preferred
• Hands-on Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2013 and 2016 and CRM Online design, development experience (ASP.Net, C#, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript)
• Proven experience in developing Dynamics CRM custom workflows, plug-in creation, and creation of custom integration solutions with third-party vendors
• Ability to take a consultative approach, to understand client requirements and offer ongoing support
• High level communication skills, demonstrating an ability to communicate at the technical, business and personal levels (both written & verbal)
• Previous system integration experience, including data migration
• Demonstrated experience as a Business Analyst or Functional Consultant.
• Functional experience implementing CRM
• Experienced providing detailed, high quality documentation.

If you are a highly experience Microsoft Dynamics CRM Architect / Practice Lead possessing all the requisite skills and seeking an opportunity to join a MS Gold Partnering Consultancy, working across brand-new and existing client projects, please apply with
 your latest resume in Word format to jobs@pbisearch.com.au immediately and one of our friendly consultants will call you as soon as possible.  Interviewing now!
      
      Suite 206, 83 York Street, Sydney NSW 2000
        Telephone: 02 8014 8959
        Fax 02 8275 8877
		An experienced web developer with strong design skills. Preferred applicant should have strong understanding of the following:
SKILLS REQUIRED:

Web & internet scripting (JavaScript/HTML and CSS) Keen to learn, adopt new ideas and work as part of a team. Experience with the Adobe Suite of Products (Photoshop, Indesign, Illustrator)
Experience of designing logos and print media Experience with: Microsoft Office (Excel,Word) Solid understanding of SQL and generated database principles.Key responsibilities include:
- Developing clean, semantic and accessible code
- Collaborating with UX designers
- Cross-device/browser support and testing
- Building interactive and engaging user experiences
- Working with project managers to develop estimates on projects
- Proactively contributing to development processes
The successful candidate will have:
- A guru level understanding of HTML5, CSS3/SCSS and JavaScript
- An understanding of well-known javaScript frameworks
- Understanding of web standards and accessibility
- An ability to follow strict brand guidelines
- A strong portfolio of creative work
- A great attention to detail
- Experience developing custom WordPress themes
- Experience in working on a Mac platform
- An ability to work to tight deadlines
- An eagerness to learn and grow in the role
- Proficient knowledge of Photoshop & Illustrator
What you'll get:
- A job working with like minded humans passionate about quality work as well as life balance
- A great opportunity for training, learning and developing your career
- Liquid motivation in the form of a coffee machine and a full bar fridge
- Yearly snow trip
About Studio Moso
Moso is a full-service digital agency that grows brands with award-winning digital projects. Strategy, websites, creative, email campaigns, platforms, CMS integrations and video production are what we bring to the table. Since 2004, we've been hired by some
 of the best known banks, education institutions, government departments and leading food companies to launch products, make announcements and build awareness among some of the hardest consumers in the world to reach and connect with.
NOTE: Strictly no recruitment agencies, sorry guys.
Studio Moso
202 Wellington Street, Collingwood, 3066
www.studiomoso.com.auJob Overview
We are looking for an experienced PHP / Angular Developer to help us to continue building a world class education platform.
Advanced skills in Angular 1 & 2, HTML5, CSS3 are critical for this role. Development experience, projects or interests in Python (Django), mobile applications will be viewed favourably.
 
Skills & Qualifications
Required


5+ years experience in PHP development

Familiar with Codeigniter or equivalent MVC framework

Experience in AngularJS, HTML5, CSS3, Javascript

Experience developing applications around a back-end REST API and JSON

Knowledge of GIT or other version control

Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal

 
Beneficial


Experience with MySQL Server, PostgreSQL and intermediate DBA knowledge

Experience in development for cloud services, particularly AWS

Doctrine ORM

Unix (Ubuntu)

MYSQL

Apache configuration

AWS or Rackspace

 
You have


Knowledge and experience of the Software Development Life Cycle (e.g., coding standards, code management, specification & design, estimation) and Project Management Methodologies such as AGILE experience

Understanding of fundamental design principles behind a scalable application

Understanding of the differences between multiple delivery platforms, such as mobile vs desktop, and optimizing output to match the specific platform

Analytical skills to identify problems and work in a team to determine, develop and implement solutions

Critical thinking skills - balancing the interests of college partners, developers and the company

 
Responsibilities


Developing or modifying code to ensure that applications operate to meet customer business requirements and adhere to industry standards.

Developing changes and releases with minimal impact to customers while ensuring following appropriated IT Service Management and Software Design Lifecycle processes.

Contributing to the architecture, User Interface design, implementation and maintenance of customer-oriented applications and in-house dev.

Managing the schedule of environment maintenance activities to ensure the optimal usage of environments.

Following best practice web standards, policies and processes across all digital environments.

Completing documentation for all deliverables.

Providing regular and timely feedback to stakeholders on systems performance and identified issues.Java Developer - WebSphere
      
      
        Permanent Role
        
        Market Leading Remuneration
        
        Outstanding Career Growth Opportunity
        
      
      
A top tier financial organisation is responsible for developing a key trading system processing half a billion dollars in global trades daily. The adoption of a number of emerging technologies has seen the development group increase in size significantly
 and a number of internal promotions has created the need for several Senior Java Developers.

As the successful candidate, you will work in an Agile team to design and develop innovative solutions on a Java/WebSphere platform, utilising a range of new and emerging technologies including Knockout.js in a very large enterprise environment.

Additionally you will

Provide input into the architectural and design decisions to shape the product roadmap to best enable ongoing improvements.Work within a multi-skilled team of experts within their fieldDesign technical solutions for a high profile solution within a complex domain.

To be successful in this role you will be a Senior Developer with extensive knowledge and experience working with Java (1.8), WebSphere, Maven, Spring/Hibernate and REST API's. Knowledge of Knockout.js (or similar JavaScript frameworks) is also essential as
 well as excellent communications and client facing skills.

Experience gained in large banking and financial environments is also highly desirable.

Use the prompts to apply, or contact Adam Higgs on 03 8330 5001 for more information.
( SK912779A )
IMPORTANT: By submitting your email address and any other personal information when you APPLY to a job, you consent to such information being collected, held, used and disclosed in accordance with our COLLECTIONS NOTICE and PRIVACY
 POLICY.
http://www.bluefinresources.com.au/privacy-policyAbout Us

We provide loss management, risk assessment and technical advice to the business and insurance communities.

Our award-winning online services are innovative and designed specifically for the insurance industry. For a brief overview of our current services, please visit www.LMIGroup.com.

 
What we're looking for

We're looking for a talented and passionate developer to join our growing web development team at our head office in Camberwell. You will be involved in the ongoing development of our suite of insurance based web applications.
You will be able to clearly demonstrate how you love tech, and keep yourself up to date with what's going on in the industry and be able to demonstrate a continuous learning mindset, in which you are always looking to learn and develop your skills further.

Your responsibilities will include:

Understand existing systems Design and implement features according to given spec Investigate and fix bugs Make improvements in terms of UI or performance Requirement analysis
The required skill sets you will need include:

Strong experience with ASP.net, C#, including ASP.net MVC and Web API Be familiar with SQL Extensive experience with Front-End development using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript
A solid understanding of Object-Oriented Be familiar with SPA using Angular2 or React Good experience with Git or Mercurial Have a good understanding of continuous integration and continuous deployment
Have great communication skills
Other desired skills:

Experience with open source projects Experience with Microsoft Azure Understanding of frameworks for building hybrid apps, such as Ionic or React Native


You must also have the right to live and work in Australia.

        
        
          If this role sounds like you and you want to work in a creative environment, with a great team, then apply today by submitting a covering letter and C.V to employmenthr@LMIgroup.com.Hey Melbourne, we have a great opportunity with a local start up business recently breaking into the US market. They have been going through some changes across their tech stack and are looking for someone to hit the ground running and handle feature builds
 and bug fixes for their growing list of clients. 


They have are a young and driven bunch with a passion for "getting it done" and having fun along the way. They have a great space in Collingwood with a north side warehouse co-working feel to it with polished concrete floors, high ceilings and a ping pong table.


They are looking for an experienced front end developer fluent in Angular 2, HTML5 and CSS3. Anyone with experience or interest in Python (Django) would do very well in this role and could see a permanent position within the business. They are looking for someone
 on a 3 month contract with potential to go permanent for the right person.


Your background:

2+ years experience in PHP development Familiar with Codeigniter or equivalent MVC framework Experience in AngularJS, HTML5, CSS3, Javascript Experience developing applications around a back-end REST API and JSON Knowledge of GIT or other version control Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal 


Whats in it for me you ask?

Great offices Great location (Collingwood) Great people  Great product Ping Pong tables Dog friendly office Market competitive daily rates 
 What now:

They are looking to move quickly on this one so APPLY ASAP or if you have any questions call me (James Ferne) on 0408 666 806Senior .Net C# Developer
        
        
The Company
Opteon is an international provider of valuations, advisory and specialist property services in the Australian and New Zealand market. Recognised as the largest valuation professional services firm in these regions, we deliver meaningful solutions for our
 clients across all property types and market sectors. We are experiencing an exciting period of growth and change, positioning the company as one of the most prominent property services providers.  Our future growth strategy is for organic growth, diversification
 and international expansion.
The Role
You will lead and develop a project team within the Solutions Development unit of the IT team, working closely with all units of the business to provide industry renowned technology.


Lead the development, testing and deployment phases of the software lifecycle of our in-house platform

Provide and develop sound high quality technical support for development solutions 

Work collaboratively as a member of the team

Proactively work with Continuous Improvement

To be the successful candidate you must be able to demonstrate:


2- 5 years' commercial development experience

Strong C# skills

Web frontend (JavaScript/HTML/CSS)

SQL Server (T-SQL)

Awareness of Application Development, Application Management and Enterprise Integration and Infrastructure and Security

Preferably you will be degree qualified or have significant industry experience. Any of the following experiences are beneficial but not essential:


ElasticSearch

MS SQL Reporting Services

Android Mobile Development (Java, Xamarin)

MS Office Open XML (OOXML)

What we Offer
We offer rewarding careers for outstanding professionals and ongoing learning and development opportunities. Our culture is positive and inclusive and with the business continuing to grow rapidly - this is your opportunity to join Opteon and be a part of
 its ongoing success. 
In addition, you will have the opportunity to:


Work on an innovative, industry renowned platform

Have exposure to both established and progressive technologies and platforms

Gain experience working within an agile and collaborative team

Work across a range of projects and BAU with exposure to web based and mobile application development.


For a confidential discussion regarding this position, please contact Cassandra Ellis, HR Business Partner on (03) 5249 4380 or cassandra.ellis@opteonsolutions.com.Web Developer
      
      
Our Vision

 

CPA Australia's Vision is to be known as the world's leading member service organisation, and with 160,000 members across 118 countries we are well positioned to make that vision a reality. 

CPA Australia is focused on delivering world class member services and driving the corporate plan to enhance the service offering and grow the membership base. Core services to members include education, training, technical support and advocacy.

 

The Role

 

We need an enthusiastic, skilled front-end developer to join our high-performing development team. You will need to live and breathe web design and development, keen to bring ideas and experience to the table.
Your day-to-day will involve:
• Participating on the delivery of new projects.
• Undertaking enhancements and resolving defects within the existing environments.
• Requirements gathering and problem solving
• Create UI mock-ups, proof of concepts and design options following CPA Brand requirements and industry best practices.
• Collaboration with technology and business colleagues.
• Learning new and exciting technologies.

 

Our technology stack includes:
• Sitecore
• Azure
• C# ASP.Net
• Web API
• BizTalk
• AngularJS
• jQuery
• Signal R

Reporting to the Development Lead, you will be a highly-skilled team-playing with a track record in delivering leading edge web applications and solutions. You will be pro-active, resilient & outcome-orientated and keen to learn. Your strong attention to
 detail, superior 'can do attitude' and ability to remain calm under pressure will ensure your success in this role.

 

Skills and Experience

 

To be considered you will need to meet the following criteria:


• Advanced HTML 5/CSS 3 skills and knowledge of the capabilities of today’s browsers.
• Experience and skills in JavaScript & CSS frameworks (such as AngularJS, jQuery, Bootstrap etc).
• Experience and skills in JavaScript testing frameworks
• Skilled in CSS pre-compilers (such as LESS, SASS etc.)
• Skilled in package managers & bundlers (such as Webpack / Browserify / Gulp etc).
• Experience with GIT and TFS or Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS).

 

Exposure and willingness to learn the following will be very advantageous:


• Experience with A/B testing using tools such as Optmisely
• Design principles and patterns.
• C# .NET, ASP.NET MVC, XML

If you are successful in this role you will have opportunities for growth and career development through regular coaching and training to ensure your skills are second to none. You will have access to CPA Australia's employee benefits, which provide special
 offers for products and services such as health insurance, home loans, credit cards and publications.

 

At CPA Australia people are at the heart of what we do. We promote and encourae a diverse and inclusive workplace where everyone can be their best.Front End React Developer
      
      
      
      
        Global Leader in FinTech
        
        Fantastic Melbourne CBD Location
        
        $80-130k + Super + Bonus + Training Budget + Flexi Time
        
      
      Join a true Aussie success story as they look to completely revolutionise their client facing web and mobile applications used worldwide by over 250,000 customers daily. 
 
Responsibilities:

You will be working on a massive greenfield project ausing cutting edge front end (React.js and React Native) technologies and agile practices. This is a newly created position in a company that is renown for its innovation in an industry that is fast-paced
 and poses the challenges of a global 24/7 operation (don't worry, the role is 9 to 5, Monday to Friday) with a complex back-end. 

To be considered you should have the following skill-set:

Expert knowledge of JavaScript (ES6) Commercial experience with ReactJS Jquery / NodeJS / Webpack A passion for problem-solving and researching new technologies Experience developing using agile/lean software development methodologies Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 
To register your interest, click the APPLY button below. Bonus points for a link to your website or Bitbucket/GitHub/Stack Overflow account. If this role isn't quite right for you but you are passionate about front-end development, I would still love to hear
 from you.

Matt Angell
matthew@preactarecruitment.com | www.preactarecruitment.com
      
      Matt Angell
        
        
        Preacta is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and Staffing Agency,
        and we encourage people of all races, sex, age, and disabilities to
        apply for positions both with ourselves and our clients.Specialist Automation Tester
      
      
SENIOR AUTOMATION TESTER - WEB/MOBILE

Experience in testing web and mobile applications Strong understanding of API Testing (Mocha) experience with Calabash automation Experience working in agile environments with maturing TDD, BDD
 
Requirements
 

Experience in testing web and mobile applications Zealous attention on quality & automation Experienced in performance and scalability testing Strong understanding of scripting languages such as JavaScript, Python and Ruby
Demonstrated background of following Agile best practices Experience in CI/CD environments using tools such as Jenkins / TeamCity / Bamboo
UI automation testing (HTML and JavaScript) API testing - Mocha BDD - Cucumber / Calabash Commercial experience of open source testing tools and implementations  ALM / Quality Center Excellent communication skills
 
If you would like to be considered for this opportunity, please submit your CV & Cover Letter in
Word Format only by clicking on APPLY NOW quoting
Reference Number: 2003889Senior Software Engineer (Front End)
      
      
•Are you a creative, original thinker looking for the next challenge?
•Would you like to work in the largest innovation group in Australia?
•Join Data61 at CSIRO - Australia's premier science & technology research organisation
The Position
We have an exciting new opportunity to join the Data Science Platforms team in Data61. We are currently designing and building a new graph analytics platform that will have real impact for Australia. We are seeking a creative, original thinker to join our
 team as a senior front end engineer to help to provide elegant solutions to unsolved problems. We work in an open, collaborative environment with flexible working hours where people can take ownership of their area, experiment with new technologies, and can
 learn and grow to their full potential.
Location:      Canberra, ACT or Eveleigh, NSW
Salary:          $106K - $124K pa plus up to 15.4% superannuation
Tenure:        specified term of 3 years
Reference:  42561
To be successful you will need:
•A Bachelor degree in a scientific or engineering discipline such as Computer Science or equivalent commercial experience in software engineering.
•Knowledge of algorithms and data structures.
•Ability to think creatively and prototype new ideas.
• Experience with two or more of the following web technologies: JavaScript, CSS, HTML5, SVG, ES6, PureScript, TypeScript, NodeJS.
•Experience with one or more front-end frameworks: React, Redux, Angular, D3, Bulma, Foundation, etc
• Experience with one or more front-end build tools: Browserify, Grunt, Gulp, Webpack, Babel, etc
•Ability to take ownership of their project, provide technical direction, and present their ideas and foster creativity in others
•The ability to collaborate and grow with a multi-disciplinary, regionally dispersed research and engineering team.
Who we are: The Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) 
AT CSIRO WE INVENT THE FUTURE
 We do this by using science and technology to solve real issues. Our solutions make a difference to industry, people and the planet.
As Australia's national science agency, we've been pushing the edge of what's possible for almost 90 years. Today we have thousands of talented people working across Australia and internationally. Our people work closely with industry and communities to
 leave a lasting legacy. Collectively, our innovation and excellence places us in the top ten applied research agencies in the world.
WE COLLABORATE TO INNOVATE
We work flexibly at CSIRO, offering a range of options for how, when and where you work. Talk to us about how this role could be flexible for you. 
Find out more here!: 
Balance
Our commitment to you
CSIRO's Data61 offers an open and supportive workplace, where employee wellbeing is a top priority. We are committed to providing a diverse and inclusive workplace by focusing on gender equality, support and development of women in leadership, increasing the
 employment of Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders whilst supporting the LGBTI community and other diverse backgrounds.
CSIRO's Data61 offers a range of flexible working opportunities, including part-time and job share arrangements, to provide you with work/life balance. We emphasise an individual's growth and development which is supported by interacting and learning from world
 leading scientists and engineers, who provide the opportunity to challenge, transform and innovate new ideas.
CSIRO's Data61 is committed to sourcing the brightest and best talent to become part of the Data61 family that contributes to creating Australia's data driven future.

How to Apply: Please provide enough information relevant to the selection criteria for this position to enable the assessment panel to determine your suitability, and upload ONE document containing your CV/resume and cover letter.

Before applying please view the full position details and selection criteria here:

Position Details
Applications Close:  11:59pm AEST, 2 August 2017SENIOR AUTOMATION TESTER - WEB/MOBILE
    
    
      Experience in testing web and mobile applications
      
      Strong understanding of OOP development practices and experience with C#, Java
      
      Demonstrated experience working in agile environments with maturing TDD, BDD
      
    
     
Requirements

Experience in testing web and mobile applications Passionate towards quality & automation Dedicated Automation experience in UI and Integration testing (API, Contract, Component)
Proven experience in defining Automation strategies across a variety of web and mobile platforms both on premise and in the cloud
Strong Hands on experience in building test Automation Frameworks from the ground up using tools such as Selenium and Cucumber
Demonstrated ability and willingness to coach, train and share knowledge and expertise
Experienced in continuous integration and continuous delivery Demonstrated experience working in agile environments with maturing TDD, BDD aligned teams
Experienced in performance and scalability testing Strong understanding of OOP development practices and experience with C#, Java
Strong understanding of scripting languages such as JavaScript, Python and Ruby
Exceptional communication and relationship building skills Experience working with globally distributed teams Work with product and engineering teams to evaluate current automation gaps and design a road-map to address gaps

For more information please call Qamran on 03-96044814 for a confidential discussion about the role and client.
    
    Qamran
03-96044814About Us

We provide loss management, risk assessment and technical advice to the business and insurance communities.

Our award-winning online services are innovative and designed specifically for the insurance industry. For a brief overview of our current services, please visit www.LMIGroup.com.

What we're looking for

We're looking for a talented and passionate developer to join our growing web development team at our head office in Camberwell. You will be involved in the ongoing development of our suite of insurance based web applications.
You will be able to clearly demonstrate how you love tech, and keep yourself up to date with what's going on in the industry and be able to demonstrate a continuous learning mindset, in which you are always looking to learn and develop your skills further.

Your responsibilities will include:

Understand our existing system, including data flow, UI logic, database structure, etc.
Build features under the guidance of senior developers Create documentation
 
The required skill sets you will need include:

Experience with ASP.net, C# Experience with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript Understanding of web component concept Understanding of REST API Working knowledge of version control systems, preferably Git Communication skills
 
Other preferred skills:

Experience with open source projects Experience on single page application using Angular2 or React

You must also have the right to live and work in Australia.

        
        
          If this role sounds like you and you want to work in a creative environment, with a great team, then apply today by submitting a covering letter and C.V to employmenthr@LMIgroup.com.Head of IT
    
    

Line management and personal development of a team of highly skilled developers.
Managing the delivery of multiple complex simultaneous system development projects from design through to release.
Capable of understanding and contributing to the technical solution from design through to code level (creating wireframes and documentation).
Working closely with Developers and Business Analysts to produce accurate delivery estimates and manage the transition from analysis through to design and delivery.
Provide regular and effective progress updates to and work closely with Development Project Managers to ensure the management of any delivery risks or issues.
Define delivery phases of the project including activities, sub-activities, and milestones ensuring these are documented and used as the basis for the project event log, issues and risk log and any subsequent reporting.
Ensure awareness, involvement and support from the key stakeholders and participants by building strong project teams and maintaining robust communication on the project status throughout its life cycle.
Participate in reviews and meetings and provide updates on project progress. Take responsibility for ensuring that risks and issues are identified and managed closely and drive all stakeholders to deliver on time and to the required quality standards.
Work closely with relevant teams internally to ensure alignment and coordination across operations as part of the seamless implementation of existing and new systems.
Contributing to post implementation reviews helping to demonstrate success or otherwise of projects.
Supporting project resource scheduling and department capacity planning Contribution to the definition of departmental and systems strategies and progression of any allocated objectives.
Ownership, development and management of allocated departmental processes. Undertake small analysis projects in the form of consultancy. Work on a wide range of projects involving the implementation of new and existing systems, solutions and processes.
Software design. Coding, Testing, Delivery. Delegate tasks and assign responsibilities where applicable. Technical Support.  Resolve any issues not resolved but QA team.  Project planning (technical resources / creating tasks / assigning resources).
Infrastructure provision, maintenance and planning as required. PCI Compliance.  Monitor logs to identify security or other potential issues.
 
Additional Responsibilities 
· Production database changes
· Production server support 

Skills Required
- Excellent communicator who is fluent in English (written and verbal) 
- Previous experience working from home 
- A lateral thinker and problem solver 
- 5+ years commercial experience with C#
- Strong in ASP.NET MVC5
- Strong ASP.NET Web API
- MSSQL >=2012 
- Frontend JavaScript frameworks, HTML5, CSS3
- IIS, AWS 
- Ability to develop using minimalist specifications
 
Nice to have
- ReactJS
- .Net Core
- NodeJS
If this sounds like you Apply NOW!!Full Stack Developer (Java)
      
      
        Work as part of an autonomous team on greenfield projects
        
        Join a innovation business operating on a global scale
        
        As part of a tech agnostic team have your say on tooling 
        
      
      
This is an opportunity to join a unique business, solving a worldwide problem utilising technology to build bespoke systems on a global scale. This role will suit an engineer who is a bigger picture type thinker, someone who wants to make an impact and is
 happy to be involved in all areas of creating software including, developer, deployment and support.


Responsibilities:

Development and support of in-house developed systems in several languages andframeworks to deliver functionality to both internal and external stakeholdersWorking with various stakeholders to understand needs and architect and build solutions.Configuration, support and integration with various software systems.Identifying areas for automation and process improvement across the business.Serving requests for data, and training or development to allow self-service where possible.Maintaining and improving systems and infrastructure to keep systems running well.

Ideal requirements: 

Ability to gather requirements from technical and non-technical people to design and guide solutions to meet their needs.Hunger to continually learn, understand and improve.3+ years commercial programming experienceJava full stack experience including HTML/CSS/JavaScriptFamiliar with microservices architecture Database structure and design experience.Ability to pick up new languages/frameworks when neededExperience working in an agile environment, following TDD and BDD practicesASX 100 Corporate looking for a Business Analyst to join one of its premier Development teams. Great culture and long term growth opportunities.
Role:

The role has arisen as a critical position in a large application and web development team. Working for one of Australia's leading corporates the Business Analyst will be accountable for liasing with the Business and ensuring delivery of requirements on a number
 of large upcoming projects. The ideal candidate will possess a solid history of working with web-based applications, process improvement initatives and digital development teams.


Requirements:

Collect, analyse and document business requirements for new and existing products, business monitoring, process improvement and operational efficiencyWork with stakeholders & developers to facilitate user sessions to obtain business requirements and prepare use casesWork with developers to translate business requirements and use cases into technical implementation designLiaise with other teams to provide proactive assistance and guidance to ensure solutions are developed that meet business requirementsAssist in project scopingPrepare documentationDrive and manage end to end system implementationsActively participate in testing of systems and applications to ensure requirements are metAssess business implications of systems deployments and changesPrepare training manuals and deliver user training
Requirements:

5 Years experience as a Business AnalystMinimum 2 years web-based application experienceKnowledge of enterprise application technologies e.g. web services, XML, DB, front-end web development e.g. HTML, CSS, JavaScript.Good interpersonal skills and ability to communicate at all levels, in both verbal and written form
High-level of initiative, good skills in personal work organisation.

To apply please click apply or call Stefan Kovacevic on 02 8289 3100 for a confidential discussion..NET Developer C#ASP.NET MVC
      
      
We currently have an opportunity for a Full Stack Senior .NET developer to join a midsize successful business in Melbourne.
Join a friendly and approachable technical team where you will be self- managed and not afraid to put in the hard yards. This I a real opportunity to shine and grow in rapidly expanding business


• C#, ASP.NET
• MVC3+ Framework
• JavaScript / jQuery / Angular
• SQL Server
• EF (Entity Framework)
• Bootstrap/ CSS/ LESS
• Web API / JSON
• LINQ

We are looking for around 4-5 years development experience in C# and the ability to demonstrate web development projects that you have been involved in.
You will have experience working with SQL server and development and have a genuine interest in Cloud Development - AWS.

This is a platform to step up and advance your career, with interesting projects a good culture to perform and above market rate salary offered.Health & Public Services - Pega Mobile Developer
      
      
Accenture Technology
Health & Public Services - Pega Mobile Developer
Are you passionate about cutting-edge technologies?
Shape your skills with our global technology team
Do you want to develop your technology skills within a global team? With Accenture Technology you will have the chance to combine your deep technology expertise and industry-specific insights to transform our clients' ability to achieve their business outcomes.
 You will assess, define, implement and/or support world-class solutions for our clients, spanning simple IT projects to large-scale, enterprise-level change programs.
Accenture Technology
As one of the world's largest independent providers of technology services, at Accenture Technology you will help provide our clients with a full range of innovative technology solutions, as well as proven consulting and outsourcing services, to help them
 become more successful. From the development of IT strategy to the optimisation, management and security of the underlying infrastructure, applications and data, you will have the opportunity to impact our clients' success.
Key responsibilities:


In depth hands on development experience in implementing PEGA applications (over 3 to 5 years)

In depth hands on development and solution experience in using Pega 7x features (at least 2 implementation)

Must be a Pega certified CCSA/LSA (version 7) and have a good knowledge of Java frameworks

Experience working on Pega frameworks and customization

In depth hands on experience building activities, data transform, business rules, reports, data collections and UI experience in creating harness, portals

Extensive experience in Pega integration using RESTful calls, SSO integration, Java API

Technical knowledge of mobile application development and clear understanding of modern software development principles

Strong knowledge of UI/UX design principles, patterns, and best practices

Strong competencies in data structures, algorithms and software design optimized for embedded systems

Extensive years of iOS development experience in Objective-C language in a commercial environment

Commercial development experience Node.js, JavaScript and Adobe Cordova

Extensive iOS Development, iOS SDK, Objective C, and OO Programming

Extensive Experience with web services standards and related technologies (HTTP, XML, JSON, REST, SOAP, WS*)

Experience in Java, J2EE, IIS, .NET and SOA technologies including SOAP web services, messaging, Apache, JBoss, ASP.NET

Experience in any of the RDBMS tools like Oracle, DB2 or Sybase is a plus

Experience in Agile and Scrum methodologies

Proven experience in all phases of software development including design, configuration, testing, debugging, implementation, and support of large-scale, business centric and process based applications

Qualifications:


PEGA CCSA/LSA Certification

Java Certification

Andriod / IOS Developer

About Accenture
At Accenture, we can help you build the career you dream of. Our success relies on ensuring our people enjoy the inspiring challenges, exceptional experience and flexibility they need to succeed at every stage of their career.
As a leading professional services company with more than 375,000 people working across 120 countries, your career can take many exciting paths spanning digital, strategy, consulting, technology and operations.
As part of a global diverse workforce you will help organisations across every industry imaginable improve the way they work. Join us and let challenging, interesting and enjoyable work become part of daily life.The ideal candidate will have a good eye for a design, a strong interest and knowledge of a variety of JavaScript frameworks as well as impeccable time management skills.
 
We work with a broad range of clients; each with a different look and feel - meaning no two jobs are the same. We are leaders within our field, keen to push both our personal development and the boundaries of the industry. We want to be forerunners in technology
 trials and continue to add outstanding pieces of creative work to our existing portfolio.
 
Lash is a laid back, small agency making big waves in the digital realm. We are looking for someone to join the ranks seamlessly; someone who is able to work effectively with both the design team and the existing development team. We work hard to maintain
 and deliver unrivalled, quality work to our clients but also believe in balance and culture. Team lunches occur every Friday as well as out of office drinks, education and team building weekends.
 
Requirements:
- Minimum 2 years' of solid experience in Front-End Development
- Relevant qualification in IT
- HTML5 and CSS3
- Experience in AngularJS and other JavaScript frameworks
- Must have a good attitude and willingness to learn.
 
Bonus, but not required:
- Agency experience
- Animation Experience
- Academic Experience in Database
- Understanding one of the Server Side languages (.Net, node, PHP, etc.)
- A strong eye for user interaction experience and design.
- Mobile App experience(iOS or Android)
 
Skills & Traits:
Confident - You must be confident in what you do and a leader in this space.
Organised & focused - Very strong attention to detail & excellent organisational skills.
Fast learner - Able to quickly pick up new concepts and ideas and run at pace with them independently.
Ambitious & reflective - Want to learn and grow. Pays attention to details and think about the implications of what the work being undertaken.
Tech savvy - Enthusiastic about technology, a passion for innovation and new ideas.
 
If we have just described you above, and Lash Creative sounds like the type of environment you want to work in, please submit your CV and a cover letter detailing your experience and why you would suit this role.Developer Lead
      
      
Our Vision

CPA Australia's Vision is to be known as the world's leading member service organisation, and with 160,000 members across 118 countries we are well positioned to make that vision a reality. 

CPA Australia is focused on delivering world class member services and driving the corporate plan to enhance the service offering and grow the membership base. Core services to members include education, training, technical support and advocacy.

 

The Role

We need an enthusiatic, technically strong lead developer to join our small, high performing team. You will be a passionate technologist who has a proven track record of delivery, ready to both lead the team and roll your sleeves up when needed.

Your day to day will involve:


Working closely with the business to set and deliver on development strategy.
Interacting with the Architecture and Development team to design and build solutions fit for purpose.
Planning and delivery of production enhancements and resolving defects in the existing environment.
Problem solving.
Learning and staying current with new and exciting technologies.
Collabrating with technology and business stakeholders where needed.

 

Our technology stack includes:


C# ASP.NET
Sitecore
Azure
Web API
BizTalk
Angular JS
JQuery
Signal R

This is a fantastic opportunity to join the CPA Australia Technology team, we are seeking a highly skilled team player with a track record in delivering leading solutions. You will be proactive, resilient and outcome orientated and keen to learn and stay
 abreast of new technolgies. Your strong attention to detail, superior can do attitude and ability to remain calm under pressure will ensure your success in this role.

 

Skills and Experience

To be considered you will need to meet the following criteria:

 


Strong C#.Net development skills (C#.NET, ASP.NET MVC, XML).
Excellent object-oriented design patterns and principles.
Broad development-stack knowledge including with demonstrated experience in at least some of; web, API, services, Dynamics CRM, BizTalk and asynchronous integration best-practices.
Skilled in GIT and TFS or Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS).
Experience and knowledge of JavaScript & CSS frameworks (such as AngularJS, jQuery, Bootstrap etc).
Experience and knowledge of JavaScript testing frameworks.
Experience and knowledge of CSS pre-compilers (such as LESS, SASS etc.).
Experience and knowledge of package managers & bundlers (such as Webpack / Browserify / Gulp etc).
Experience in Microsoft Azure stack is beneficial

 

If you are successful in this role you will have opportunities for growth and career development through regular coaching and training to ensure your skills are second to none. You will have access to CPA Australia's employee benefits, which provide special
 offers for products and services such as health insurance, home loans, credit cards and publications.

At CPA Australia people are at the heart of what we do. We promote and encourae a diverse and inclusive workplace where everyone can be their best.,Front End Developer
      
      
Halcyon Knights are a leading executive search firm which has recently been awarded Australia’s most socially engaged recruitment agency in Australia by LinkedIn. We work in partnership in helping companies identify, attract, develop and retain quality people
 within a number of different sectors.
My client are coming on leaps and bounds and as such have an opportunity for a Front end Developer to join the business and get to grips on a number of greenfield projects. You will be joining a team of around 20 and will play a pivotal role within the company.
I've included a snippet below of what they are looking for in a candidate:-
Experience needed for this position:

At least 3 years experience in developing websitesCommercial experience (preferably agency based)Client facing experienceDevelopment of multi-device (desktop/mobile/tablet/ responsive) digital solutionslanguages/applications including HTML5, CSS3, SCSS/SASS, Javascript/Jquery and Javascript frameworks (AngularJS or react.js etc )Basic .NET, or PHP
Politics-free and diverse culture - nice bunch of people to work through where everyone has each other’s backs is what you will get from this company.
If this role has caught your attention please send your CV in the first instance to teganp@halcyonknights.com.auDigital Analyst
      
      
        Amazing culture 
        
        Fantastic team
        
        Great Perks
        
      
      
A global data analytics Consultancy is seeking for an experienced Digital Analyst to join their young and dynamic team. Your main role will be to help marketers to interpret customer’s online behaviour and journey into marketing strategy. You will work in
 a casual and fun start-up environment. You need to have sufficient digital experience, be business oriented and open for travelling both domestically and internationally.
Responsibilities:

Analysing customer’s journey into meaningful data to help develop relevant marketing strategyUsing digital data to determine opportunities for future growth and developmentMaking recommendations to optimise customer’s conversion and experienceDemonstrating high degree of commercial acumen and developing innovative solutions for a range of clients across multiple industries.
Requirements:

Experience with digital analytics tools such as Adobe Analytics and Google Analytics (ideally Google 360)Must have Javascript experience Analytical mindset with a passion for data analysis and story tellingProblem solving skills and high attention to detailsHighly motivated, enthusiastic and creative expertExcellent communication and presentation skills
To be part of a global organisation, working in a fast growing, young, dynamic and fun environment, please apply immediately with an up to date CV to lyoung@morganmckinley.com.au or call 0289863147
Morgan McKinley is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.Perl developer
    
    
      CBD location
      
      Perl, web, SQL
      
      Technically varied
      
    
    Perl developer.  In this role you will be working on development of a variety of applications including back end and browser based front end. 

We're looking for a passionate Perl developer with excellent front end and back end experience - someone who loves to write code and thoroughly enjoys Perl programming.

The right person for this role:

loves Perl source programming has good SQL experience has good knowledge across web application development, JavaScript, HTML CSS is interested and willing to learn new technologies 
You'll be the sort of person who enjoys all aspects of the software development - you'll be working on all aspects of development, contributing to solution design through coding and implementation, source control and deployment.


Apply now
To apply, press the "apply now" button.

SuperCoders IT Recruitment Melbourne
www.supercoders.com.auAEM Developer - Sydney - Contract

Our exclusive client, a leading Australian business is in need again of an experienced and talented AEM/CQ5 Java Developer. This is due to continued growth and  for one of their exciting new projects that is focused on an AEM upgrade to AEM6.2.

Your days will always be dynamic working on multiple concurrent projects. Rest assured you will continually be challenged due to the nature and volume of work. 


You will see yourself:


Developing high quality codeProviding and designing solutions for an array of technical and business problemsWorking in a dedicated team across APACAllowed the opportunity to further develop your skills and with AEM and undertake training if required


The ideal candidate will have:



2 +  years of CQ5/AEM Development5 + years' experience in Java DevelopmentSome experience with front end technologies such as JavaScript, HTML and CSS -  Would be a major bonus although not essentialExceptional written and verbal communication skillsThe ability to present technical concepts to technical and non-technical internal/external stakeholdersThe ability to work individually as well as in a team


Our client has expressed that this position is part of an established and expanding team and provides a unique opportunity for growth within the company to various roles of seniority and leadership in the future.

If you are interested Please get in contact - Josh.crookston@opusrs.com.au
        
        
          Josh Crookston
+61 (0)2 9238 4283
Josh.Crookston.Daxtra@opusrs.com.auSenior PHP Developer - $100k +
      
      

If you're passionate about the tech industry and are looking join a fast paced, highly capable and diverse team - then you need to apply now! 


This company has been rapidly expanding recently and need to grow their talented tech team to keep up with all the work! They have decided to use Laravel on the backend and need Devs who have the experience working in it to bring their skill to the table. 

Skills & Requirements

You should have previous work experience as a PHP Developer In depth understanding of PHP Strong Framework experience - Specifically Laravel Desire to work in a team; enthusiastic and passionate about your profession and want to make a valuable contribution
Working knowledge of continuous integration/deployment is an advantage Proactive, goal-oriented, energetic and independent way of working Expert knowledge in HTML, CSS and JAVASCRIPT 
If you're interested in becoming part of this team get in touch with me! 

And if this isn't for you, get in contact regardless. You never know, we might have the perfect role for you!  


www.justdigitalpeople.com.au

Matthew Goode

email | matthew.g@justdigitalpeople.com.au
call or text | 0432 454 184Full-Stack C#. Net Web Developer
      
      

Fantastic working environmentCutting edge technologiesStrong project pipeline

Our client, a large Perth based enterprise organisation have an immediate need for and experienced, and highly passionate Full-Stack .Net Developer to join their dynamic, agile web development team.
 
Reporting into the Development Manager, you will take part in the development of key cloud based application builds, contributing towards modernisation of current software development practices and Agile transformation.
 
The role is expected to work on front end applications with a high degree of UI requirements so strong web technology stack knowledge is essential.
 

Main responsibilities include; 

Work within an Agile project team to analyse, design, code, test and deliver business change. Ensure the highest level of quality and conformance for new programs and changes to existing programs.Effectively utilise best practice object-oriented software development methodologies and technologies.Stay abreast of business strategies and information technology developments/technologies.Take part in iteration/release planning, daily stand up meetings, pair-programming and collaborative design and analysis sessions
 
 Experience in the following will be required; 

Hands on web development using C# .NET MVC, HTML5, CSS and JavaScriptJS libraries such as Angular (essential) Knockout or Bootstrap.Strong Oracle PL/SQL experience and can read and write complex SQL.Experience in automated unit testing, test driven development and continuous integration is essential.Complex software application analysis, design and development, within medium to large enterprises, is required.AWS or other Cloud experience (beneficial)Object-oriented software analysis, design and development (beneficial).
 
If you match the selection criteria and are interested in finding out more about the position, please forward your updated CV by clicking the "APPLY NOW' button. For a list of all vacant positions, please see our website www.talentinternational.com.au.Junior - Mid Front End Developer
    
    
I am looking for 2 x Junior - Mid Front End Developers to work for a fantastic award winning global digital agency based in the CBD. With offices all over the world this will be a great step in your career progression.   
You will be working with a strong team of designers and developers building and maintaining Front End projects. You will work with version control tools on a day to day basis resolving problems and you will also use your knowledge of cross browser compatibility
 accessibility to ensure all projects are delivered with the highest standards.

Skills:

2+ years experience in Front End Development Strong familiarity with front-end web development including knowledge of HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript/JQuery
Solid knowledge in accessibility and browser compatibility Solid experience/knowledge on CMS systems Good knowledge of Photoshop Solid knowledge on eDM builds

If you have any questions please contact Ben Arlanda on 02 9103 8330 or email ben.arlanda@2xmtechnology.com.au.
 

    
    www.2xmtechnology.com.auMid-Level PHP Developer
    
    
Progressive recruitment are looking for a Mid-Level PHP developer with .Net experience to join our client that develop event management software across APAC.
The Successful candidate will have extensive experience in PHP development with a .Net background. You will also have experience maintaining and updating current systems as well as developing new ones from scratch.

Key Requirements:

4+ years PHP experienceExperience with Symfony or Zend.Net development experienceHTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery
Highly Desirable:

SASSAngularJS (Angular2 a huge bonus)
If you are interested in any of the above positions please send through your updated resume and a consultant will be in touch to discuss the roles further.
You must have full working rights in Australia*

To find out more about Progressive Recruitment please visit www.progressiverecruitment.comSenior Software Engineer (.Net, AngularJS)
    
    
Join one of the most established online finance teams in Australia with 60 developers. This 'high profile' team only look for the most exceptional people who can excel working on high traffic systems with 4 million plus hits per day. As you can imagine,
 the performance of these web systems are absolutely critical.

Role
You will be hired to do a full stack development role. You will be a major part of the team working on new phases and releases of a large complex suite of products that are VERY visible in the Australian marketplace. This is a brilliant contract which will
 challenge you and push you to produce exciting, robust software using the latest technology stack.

Essential skills:

Creating applications with a large user base Strong hands on experience with object orientated programming Strong .Net Framework; C#, Web API and ASP.net Experience using the latest javascript frameworks such as AngularJS - very important!
Good understanding of design patterns such as MVC and why and when to use them
Excellent debugging skills; able to debug complex technical issues involving multiple system components
Strong knowledge of software implementation best practices Good communication skills and business acumen
Preferred but not essential skills

Good understanding of the HTML5 and CSS3 Experience developing mobile applications on the IOS or Android platforms Ability to design and optimize PL/SQL stored procedures Exposure to continuous delivery practices and principles Experience with Automated testing frameworks
Please note this role does not sponsor or takeover sponsorship.

If you fit the above criteria and hold full work rights for Australia, then please click apply!


    
    www.2xmtechnology.com.auSenior .Net Dev- UI/UX focused
      
      

Guide the direction of the Front End technology Get the job done with no red tape Varied interaction technical and business stakeholders
Our client has been operating successfully in their space delivering high quality services that have a positive impact on the community for over 25 years. They have been growing continually and technology is where they seek to gain a competitive advantage.
They have a significant investment in custom-built software and the Senior Developer is required to continue development of new features and have a huge impact on the look at feel of their web channels.
The role
They are looking to add a Senior .Net Developer with a strong UI/UX focus.The .Net to UI/UX ratio will likely be 50/50 so we are not looking for a UI/UX designer but some who is still happy to work on Full stack Microsoft applications on a daily basis.
IT is king in this well- funded company so should you feel the Front End Technology needs improvement and investment your input will be welcomed on the direction of the technology stack.
The person
You must be a strong and confident communicator capable of engaging stakeholders of all levels; those who like to get out from behind their desks and build strong internal relationships will thrive within this environment. We are after a person who just
 wants to get done,  someone happy to try new ways even if they do not always have the success you want! 
Suitable candidates will have

Demonstrated experience in a small fast-paced environment; .Net development (ASP.Net, C#) Understanding  of SQL 2014 JavaScript and associated frameworks and libraries such as Angular, React etc
CSS / HTML5 Kendo N-Hibernate Resharper Solid understanding of Agile Practice- they do 2 weeks sprints. Design and architecture experience or exposure A willingness to suggest and drive change
Your work will have a huge reach and you can impact the direction of the technology stack. Apply now to have the chance of joining their high performing team.Front-end Web Developer
    
    
My client, a leader in the finance/ insurance industry, is currently looking for a passionate and experienced Front End Developer to join their passionate and talented team! You will be responsible for the design of digital products and experiences for the
 company's various websites, as well as enterprise-level greenfield projects to fulfill internal requirements of the organisation. 
The ideal candidate is an experienced web developer/designer specializing in interaction design and usability for the Web and emerging platforms. You should be able to generate innovative solutions for new product ideas, while maintaining and updating existing
 digital products. 
Your background:

Strong JavaScript framework experience e.g. AngularJS, Backbone.js, React.js, etc.
Experience with front end development (HTML5/CSS3 including best practices). 
Proven ability to contribute to idea and concept development.

Strong visual design skills, including typography, composition, and use of color.
Agile/Scrum/Lean experience preferred 
 A good understand of UX/UI Design principles highly regarded

Fun and flexible work culture and a great chance to make this role your own (choose your own framework!)
 
If this sounds like you, then please apply today!
 

    
    Interested candidates can apply via the attached link OR contact Aimee via email on aimee@motionrecruitment.com.auFull Stack Developer
      
      
PM-Partners group are a specialist Project Management Consultancy.  We have a unique way of running projects and providing training and advice, so our clients get the best results with less cost and risk.  Each year we deliver over $2B of projects, train
 over 9000 people, and help some of Australia’s leading brands improve their PMOs.
 
This well-regarded client is currently seeking a highly driven Full Stack Developer with .NET experience for a 6 Month contract based within Melbourne’s CBD.

You will be working on a high profile project that will be rewarding and provide new technology and innovation into Victoria. You will work autonomously but as part of highly supportive and team and need to have excellent stakeholder engagement/ management
 skills, a meticulous attention to detail and work well under pressure.
Your duties will include, but will not be limited to:

Deliver all required code and documentation relating to the project work being undertaken, including but not limited to:
Development code Technical specifications Testing artefacts such as unit test cases, test scripts, and test procedures Status reports Transition and support documentation
 The successful candidate will have experience in the following: 


ASP.Net MVC WebAPIHTML / JavaScript Angular JS 1.5/1.6 CSS Node.js SQL Server Entity Framework Microsoft Azure and Dev Ops
If you feel you meet our selection criteria and are looking to join a leading Project Management Consultancy, please submit your resume to Robyn Peters at PM Partners.

Reference number: RPCloud Migration Specialist
    
    
We are looking for a Software Developer with proven experience to work within our Enterprise Services team to transform our IT Service Management applications. This role is looking for an individual who has exposure to Service Management applications and
 has previously migrated applications from traditional on premise deployments to a CI/CD pipeline.
You will be the go to Cloud specialist for the Service Owner of the ITSM portfolio, executing the strategic items in the roadmap relating to the envisioned Cloud migration of the application stack.

ABOUT THE ROLE

Migrate applications to new hosting patterns Adhere to the development practices of team Be able to design & document solutions with little guidance Work with resources in multiple geographical locations, in aligned teams envisioned Cloud migration of the application stack.

ABOUT YOU

Scripting languages (Perl) Java NodeJS/.Net JavaScript Strong stakeholder engagement skills Experience in working with geographically distributed teams 
The Corporate Operations Group (COG) brings together specialist support services including workplace, human resources, market operations and technology. COG's purpose is to drive operational excellence through business-aligned services with a focus on quality,
 cost and risk. COG comprises the following divisions: Business Improvement and Strategy, Business Services, Human Resources, Market Operations, and Technology.
Find out more about Macquarie careers at 
www.macquarie.com/careers 
Macquarie understands the importance of diversity and inclusion - our long history of success has come from being different. At Macquarie we value the innovation and creativity that diversity of thought brings. The one thing we all have in common is our
 focus on high performance. If you're capable, motivated and can deliver, we want you on our team.Lead Developer/Engineer
      
      MedicalDirector is looking for an experienced Lead Developer/Engineer to join our passionate team working on industry leading software. You will be responsible for leading a development team working on our Helix product along with providing technical lead
 and direction across the department. If you are passionate about building your career in software development and team leadership then we have the ideal environment for you to succeed. This is a fantastic opportunity for you to drive innovation and technical
 excellence in a market leading software development organisation which has a real impact on how healthcare technology is improving outcomes for practitioners and patients alike.

Responsibilities:

Delivering world class software that delights our customers and exceeds the expectations of our business
Providing leadership to a squad of developers Sizing, estimations, management and delivery of product backlogs Supporting and promoting an Agile development environment Contributing to the technical design and architecture of the software/platforms
Driving code quality by conducting code reviews, unit testing and other automated tests
Providing developmental experimentation, selection and implementation Engaging across the business to create and refine our software applications and platforms
Mentoring and coaching junior developers. 
Requirements:

6+ years engineering/development experience - full stack development (C#, JavaScript)
1+ years experience as a technical lead for a team of developers Deeply passionate about web technologies and an ability to evangelise to the team
Front end Javascript frameworks (AngularJS, React), CSS and Less/Sass Understanding of scaled agile and devOps development environments Experience coaching and mentoring a team of developers Experience working with modern, web based architectures, inc. REST APIs (WebAPI)
Computer Science / Software Engineering degree Cloud infrastructure experience, Azure an advantage Strong organisational and communication skills with experience developing & instilling a culture of collaboration
Passionate about web technologies and applications/platforms  Down-to-earth, make it happen, analytical and detail oriented with a strong drive and innovative approach.Company Description
Webling is a full-service digital agency, specializing in extraordinary brand experiences across multiple digital channels, including the web, mobile, social media and experiential. 

Our strength? The perfect combination of dead-on strategy with creative that achieves cut-through every time, backed up with some serious technology. 

Our difference? We genuinely love what we do, give it 110% every time, and have fun along the way. And it's infectious, work with us and you'll see what we mean!
 
Job Description
Webling is searching for a well-rounded digital producer with great project management skills. Demonstrative proficiency in website, mobile site and native app production is essential. A skillset incorporating multimedia software and a strong understanding
 of technology is preferred.

The digital producer will be required to:

Scope, track and manage the implementation of digital projects for Webling Work in conjunction with creative, design, technical and accounts teams to ensure a project is fully scoped, delivered on time, within budget and to agreed specifications
 Daily resource and project management - efficiently plan and prioritise workflows
 Be a role model for other staff both within and outside the department Demonstrate and advocate core Webling values – Calm, Inspired & Daring Collaborate with the General Manager to refine processes to constantly improve efficiency, accuracy and quality
 
Qualifications

 Minimum of 3 years' project management experience in digital communication At least 1-year experience creating user flows, site maps, wireframes and func specs
 Proven experience in successfully managing interactive/web projects and budgets
Working knowledge of CMS processes and platforms (Wordpress, Sitecore etc.) Working knowledge of Display Advertising processes – Media Schedules etc. Working knowledge of eCRM processes and platforms Experience integrating with key social networks and their API's – Facebook, Twitter etc.
Working knowledge of coding languages and standards - HTML, CSS, Javascript. Working knowledge of database and server/hosting technologies Interest in current and developing project management ideas and methodologies
Ability to learn new technologies and marketing concepts quickly Knowledge of common PM software tools (used for wireframes, timelines and job ticketing i.e. JIRA).
Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to stay calm and deliver great results under pressure Approachable, friendly, enthusiastic, proactive and fun to work with  Self-motivated, flexible and able to work without supervision An uncompromising pride in self and work Excellent attention to detail Strong presentation skills
Complementary skills

Experience in the execution or management of projects including Print, Multi-media, Film/TV Production, Graphic or Technical Design and Technical Development
Hands-on coding or design skills 
 
Additional Information
This is a 3-6 month contract with the potential to evolve into a permanet role.
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.Digital Producer
      
      
Due to the rapid growth in the digital teams with a large volume of digital projects going on, my client is on the hunt for a solid digital producer to join them to work on enterprise-level projects, including websites, apps, ecommerce.
Even though it is a fast-pace environment, they definitely have a good work-life balance and funky digital vibe in the office. You will be busy but not too stressed!

The ideal candidate will have:
- 3-5 years’ experience of working as a digital producer
- Strong CMS experience (AEM or Vignette will be a bonus!)
- Solid coding skills in HTML and CSS (JavaScript will be another bonus!)
- Experience working on enterprise-level projects either in-house of on agency side

If that sounds like you and you are ready to take on the next challenge, please get in touch!


      
      The reference number for this job is 172646
        . 
        
        Peoplebank is an equal opportunity employer, actively working with our
        clients in achieving their diversity targets. We encourage all
        experienced applicants to apply for this role. 
        
        Please click the "Apply for this job" button belowFullstack .Net Development Role | Software Development | Global Company 

  
Senior Fullstack .Net Developer –Permanent Role



Permanent RoleGlobal CompanyLeading international and local clients.




OVERVIEW:

One of the fastest growing companies working on GPS tracking. They are a global company operating across all of Australia as well as UK, USA, New Zealand, amongst others. They are looking to bring someone on board to support their continued growth.

  
YOU WILL HAVE:



Minimum 5+ years’ experience developing .Net applications.C# and ASP.Net development skills.SQL Server database development.Minimum 2+ years’ experience with Xamarin (iOS and Android).Established skills in Agile principles, using TDD.Experience with Frontend technologies, specifically Javascript & JQuery.

 

NICE TO HAVE:  



Exposure to the cloud platforms, preferably Azure.Great communication skills.Automated unit testing methods. Preferable experience with nUnit.Knowledge on source control.Dedicated attitude to work.

 

For further information, please contact Nick Stonoga on (02) 9238 4269 Or send your CV in word format by clicking on the APPLY NOW button.


    
    Nick Stonoga
+61 (0)2 9238 4283
nick.stonoga.daxtra@opusrs.com.au3 Month Rolling Contract
          
          Sydney, CBD
          
          Daily Rate on Offer
        
        
Global Education Organisation is implementing a new Student Management Systems and ERP and looking for a Salesforce Developer to work on CRM development, Application, and System Integration to support the migration and greenfield implementation. 

Job Duties:

Design, develop and maintain custom salesforce applications on Force.com platform.
Ability to lead and contribute toward the architecture principles, design standards, and using best practices for Salesforce development.
Manage and administer Salesforce and its integrations. Completes applications development by coordinating requirements, schedules, and contributing to team meetings.
Troubleshooting development and production problems across multiple environments and operating platforms.
Integrates with various applications by designing and developing web services.
Supports internal clients by developing documentation and providing tools for assistance.
Eager to learn and enhance the productivity by using updated software features provided by Salesforce.

Education and Experience Requirements:

Master's Degree in Computer Science. Minimum of 4 years of experience in Software development.                                                                                             
Implementing CRM (Customer Relationship Management) solutions with minimum of 3 years Salesforce Force.com platform/Sales Cloud/Service Cloud implementations is required.
3 years of Development experience in Salesforce development and implementations Skills with concrete command on Apex, Visual Force, Lightning framework, Controllers, Triggers, Batch processes, APIs (Application program interface), JavaScript, SOQL, MySql
 and Web services. 2 years of Experience in integrating 3rd Party tool like DocuSign, SMS Magic with Salesforce.
3 years of work experience in implementing REST (Representational state transfer) & SOAP (Simple object access protocol) web-based services.
2 year of implementation knowledge on Salesforce Deployment/Packaging and effectively using Metadata API, Change Set, Bamboo, and Ant.
2 years of solid experience in implementing Salesforce best practices while developing Apex, Visualforce pages, Batches, Triggers and Lighting frameworks.
Minimum of 2 years of experience working in agile methodology with knowledge in tools like Jira, Confluence.
1 year of experience with Salesforce tools like Data Loader, Workbench.Senior Java Engineer
      
      CBD Location, Great Permanent Perks
      
      Best Tech Shop in Melbourne
      
      


A leading Software Provider has a new requirement for Java developer in one of their product teams. The development team is experiencing growth and change and there are opportunities for Java Developers to build software for their very popular brand. A
 permanent position with career development opportunities, this employer seeks the best Software Developers with a wide variety of skills.



Do you have the following experience?

Java8, JavaScript, Object-Oriented software analysis and designMultiple frameworks including Spring, Hibernate SQL Server development skills, including stored procedure and database designAngular or ReactAWS experienceContinuous Integration and Automated build environmentsInterest & passion in web design and Web Application DevelopmentThe team operates a SCRUM based Agile approach including daily stand-up meetings, story-boards and user -stories, iterations, retrospectives etc.
Experience within an Agile development team will be highly valuedExceptional communication skills


Working as a senior developer in a larger team members and stakeholders across the business - you'll be working with Developers, Designers, UI specialists, Product Owners, QA/Testers etc.

What's on Offer?

Work alongside passionate, innovative, talented teamIn-house development programs and professional trainingStudy leave and assistanceCasual dressWork life Balance/ flexible work arrangements 
To find out more, apply NOW or call Kyla on 9929524,Full-Stack Developer | 6+ Month Contract | NodeJS Required
      
      
        $500-650 Package 
        
        CBD Located Office 
        
        6 Month Contract Role (likely extension) 
        
      
      
The Company
Robert Half Technology are working with a Melbourne CBD located company who is a industry leader in their field. This established company has a contract role available for a Senior Full-Stack .NET developer who has strong commercial experience in NodeJS
 (ideally AngularJS also).
The Role
The Successful candidate will be working on building applications in .NET. The main platform is built in ASP.NET C#, MVC and NodeJS.
This is a 6 month contract initially with very strong extension prospects. This role is likely to turn into a permanent position and we are looking for a candidate who can start ASAP.
Your Profile
We are looking for a Full-Stack .NET developer, who preferably has some experience in the finance domain. A quick start would be seen as advantageous.
Essential

5+ year's of commercial experience in developmentA tertiary level IT programming qualificationStrong C# and ASP.NET skills & MVC knowledgeMinimum 1 year of commercial experience in NodeJSMinimum 1 year of commercial experience in Angular versionsStrong knowledge of SQL ServerStrong front end skills in HTML4/5, XSL, XML CSS3, JavaScript, jQueryExperience in agile environmentsStrong communicational skills
Apply Today
Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button or for further information, contact Nicholas Keel in our Melbourne office on (03) 9691 3661 quoting reference number RHTNAK12
Learn more about our Melbourne recruitment services: http://www.roberthalf.com.au/recruitment-agency-melbourne
Interested in advice on everything career, recruitment and work-life balance related? Check out our blog: www.roberthalf.com.au/blog


Apply through email by clicking the 'Apply Now' button below.

      
       Interested in advice on everything career, recruitment and work-life
        balance related? Check out our blog: www.roberthalf.com.au/blog 
      
        . 
        Apply through email by clicking the 
        'Apply Now' button below.Make a strategic and personal investment into addressing structural and individual disadvantage in Australia
Utilise your experience to assist Australians in need Location – Sydney CBD, NSW Full-Time Position Not-for-Profit Salary Packaging benefits available
About Many Rivers
Inspired by Christian values, Many Rivers exists to help Indigenous and other Australians in disadvantaged circumstances to improve their situations through the provision of microenterprise development support and access to core business products, including
 microfinance.
Our objective is to support people to move from welfare dependency to self-reliance and to make a valuable contribution to their communities and to the broader economy by assisting them to
start in business, stay in business and thrive in business. In many of the regional and remote communities where we work there are limited job opportunities. Therefore, to create real economic growth and increase
 the opportunities for those in disadvantaged situations to overcome multiple economic and social challenges, Many Rivers supports enterprise creation and connection to mainstream economies.
About the role
As a Technical CRM Consultant you will be responsible for enabling the on-going support and development of Many Rivers' IT Landscape with Microsoft Dynamics CRM at its core. You will provide support to the Many Rivers operational teams in relation to core
 business applications, processes, system design and development. In undertaking this work, you will liaise with business stakeholders and external managed service providers.  The role will suit a dynamic and confident CRM Consultant eager to learn and deepen
 their expertise in the Microsoft technology stack.
Primary Role Responsibilities

Provide production support for the Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM platform and suite of integrated applications (Intelledox, SharePoint and ERP).
Design, build, test & implement Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM extensions (e.g. Business Entities, JavaScript, and Plug-ins) to support on-going business development and special projects.
Develop a technical and functional understanding of Many Rivers ERP, Business Intelligence and other Microsoft technology applications, providing on-going production and business development support;
Work directly with operations teams to identify opportunities for operational excellence and innovation through enabling technology and/or process design.
Assist in the design, build and implementation of strategic projects.
Qualifications & Experience

Tertiary qualification in Computer Science, Engineering or related discipline.
Minimum 3 years' experience with Microsoft Dynamics CRM (JavaScript, Plug-ins, API Coding).
Minimum 6 years' experience using web development tools and technologies such as ASP.Net, C#, .NET, JQuery, SQL Server.
Proven ability to develop complex technical CRM designs. Formal business analysis and CRM accreditation preferred. Experience with Microsoft ERP applications such as Microsoft Dynamics AX or Microsoft NAV.
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel (inc. VBA and Macro building) and Microsoft SharePoint.
Ability to take a consultative approach, to understand client requirements and offer on-going support.
High level communication skills, demonstrating an ability to communicate at technical, business and personal levels (both written & verbal).
Demonstrated experience as a Functional Consultant with Client facing experience.
Strong analytical, critical thinking, problem solving and process design skills.
Strong business acumen and proven ability to shape technology vision. Proven ability to adopt new technologies and applications.
As part of our Employment screening process you will be required to undertake a National Criminal Check.
Benefits 

Salary commensurate with role, applicant experience and opportunity to make a significant contribution
Not for Profit Salary Packaging benefits which reduces your taxable income
How to Apply 
If you are ready to utilise your skills and experience to make a strategic and personal investment into addressing disadvantage in Australia,
please email a cover letter addressing why you want to work for Many Rivers and a resume in PDF format to zsofi.dehaan@manyrivers.org.au, using the subject line: CRM Technical Consultant application via Seek.
 
A full position description is available upon request.
Overseas applicants will not be considered for this position.
Applications close midnight Sunday, 30 July 2017.

        
        
          For further information or to obtain a full position description, please contact Zsofi de Haan on 0422 477 095 or at zsofi.dehaan@manyrivers.org.au.

For further information regarding Many Rivers visit www.manyrivers.org.au.Our client is renounced CMMI Level 5 IT consulting company with client all across the globe. Our client is looking for exceptional JAVA and CQ5/AEM skill candidates to help implement enterprise level Web applications for the clients.
TO BE CONSIDERED YOU MUST APPLY ON: https://www.appetencyrecruitment.com.au/companydescription.php?tid=90
We need candidates with the following requirements:
Technical Requirements:
Primary Skill Set :
Core Java, J2EE, Java Content Repository (API) suite, CQ5/AEM, Sling and Apache Felix OSGi,
REST, Hibernate, SOAP modules, Struts, Spring, Jscript, HTML 5, Weblogic, Websphere
 
Secondary Skill Set :
AngularJS, BackboneJS, SQL server/ PostgreSQL

Extensive Experience of working in Agile environment and test driven developmentStrong experience on Java/J2EE technology stack and Adobe CQ5/AEM with building blocks including templates, components, dialogs widgets and bundles.Strong experience in Web development frameworks and web services such as REST, SOAP, Spring, Structs etc  and exposure to modern JS frameworks like BackboneJS, Angular etc.Experience with related JAVA technologies HTML, CSS, Java Script, JQueryHands-on experience with Java Content Repository (API) suite, Apache Felix OSGi and SlingExperience with Spring security, Spring MVC and Spring data
Job Responsibilities:

Design & development of highly scalable web applications in a test driven environmentBuild DevOps culture Focus - automation of build & deployment processesWork in Agile team and with Product owner to understand and document the requirementsWork in Agile environment along with testers and supporting full functional and integration testing including writing testable codes and test cases to ensure defect free deliveryWork on full stack JAVA technologies including front end such as HTML, JAVAscript and back-end such as OSGI, Spring, JAVA, SOAP etcWork as a member of self-managed and self-organizing Agile teams
Experience Requirements

MUST have right to work in AUS(PR/Citizens)4-6 years' experience working in JAVA stack and Web application in an Agile environmentEducation: Technical degree qualificationGood written and verbal communicationExceptional documentation capabilityMUST have Agile and TDD exposure2 +  years of CQ5/AEM Development5 + years' experience in Java Development
 What is On Offer:

Permanent /Contract position IMMEDIATE START
TO BE CONSIDERED YOU MUST APPLY ON: https://www.appetencyrecruitment.com.au/companydescription.php?tid=90

ARS – Appetency Recruitment Services @ 03 8560 3750We are looking for passionate Front End Developers to join our team. You will join a highly experienced team of engineers and be involved in the development of solutions and have ownership of projects all the way to release. If you love design, web applications,
 programming, marketing and are interested in the latest technologies, then this role is for you.
 
The successful candidates will have the following background:

3-5 years of front end development experience with Vue.js or React (or be willing to learn)
Familiar with popular web technologies like React, Vue.js, JavaScript, Redux, HTML5, CSS3, Sass / SCSS, Bourbon, Gulp.js and Grunt.js.
High attention to detail, obsessed with design and able to work autonomously
 
The ideal candidates will have any of the following experience:

Taking ownership of the entire front end across our web application and marketing website
Taking sketch designs and turning them into pixel perfect HTML/CSS Using Vue.js to turn the HTML/CSS into a fully functioning web application Making sure a web application and marketing site are functioning correctly at all times
Providing input into our product roadmap & direction Working in a small team of ambitious and entrepreneurial innovators
 
There are multiple Front End Developer roles available which are suitable for different levels of experience including junior, mid-level and senior developers.
 
Applicants are encouraged to send us a resume with a cover letter explaining their web development philosophy and describing their ideal working environment.Full stack Node JS/ Angular JS Developer
    
    
      Help shape and future the product and company
        
      Build something that matters
        
      Work with the best
        
    
    
This Brisbane CBD based success story has been a couple of years in the making behind the scenes. Backed by big investors, this 100% australian owned company is going hard. Set for significant growth in the next 12 months, we are currently looking for 2
 Full stack developers to join their team.
Together with their CTO you will be working on the development of their web application. Building the application from scratch, there will be a heavy focus on design and user experience, high availability and scalable sytems. You will help implement best
 practices, introduct new tools and technologies, and be able to come up with new ideas to expand the functionalities of the application.

This role would suit you if you have a genuine passion for technology and soli experience across the full SDLC. This is not just a "sit down and code" kind of role. You will need to be someone who thrives on positivity and an innovative environment. You
 will need to have the drive and ability to improve the platform and investigate new technologies.
Requirements:
- Full stack knowledge of backend, infra, and frontend UI
- Extensive experience in Node.JS
- Extensive experience in Angular.JS
- Extensive experience in Javascript and front end frameworks such as Vue.JS and React.JS
- AWS infrastucture knowledge is a bonus.
- Experience working with Jira.
- Experience with PHP

There are 2x contract roles up for grabs with an immediate start. They are paying attractive rates for the right candidates and would also look at people only wanting a full time role.


Only successful candidates will be contacted.Technical Writer
      
      3 Month initial contract based in Melbourne or Sydney 
      
      Senior technical Writer - Software and Development documentation
      
      
For this initial 3 month contract we are looking for a Senior Technical Writer to develop a Translation Tool/Module for B2B Transactions. The tool will be starting from scratch and the audience of the tool will be for an internal and external audience.
This role can be based in either Melbourne or Sydney.

The role........

Web application guides - Work with SMEs to obtain the IT and business information so the guides meet participants needs.

Software and data model implementation guides - Work with developers to document participant software.

A solid understanding of the principles and practices associated with the production and maintenance of technical communications associated with information technology projects.


A solid understanding of Knowledge Management, Information Design, and User Experience principles.

Minimum of Three to five years’ experience in analysis, creation, development, publishing and maintenance of complex technical or software related documentation, specifications and communications using several media technologies.


Ability to problem-solve, analyse, and interpret technical information from requirements and technical designs and present it to participants in plain English.

Experience working in a technical team environment and interviewing SMEs.

Ability to follow the document development lifecycle with the Waterfall and Agile software development lifecycles.


Proficient with single-source content authoring tools, content reuse, and video production software as well as being comfortable using wikis, content, and document management systems.


Advanced skills in web technologies such as: HTML, CSS, XML, and JavaScript. 

Advanced skills in documentation standards, plain English principles or Information Mapping, style guides, and the separation of content and style.

Advanced MS Office skills, especially Word templates and styles and a knowledge of database design, entity diagrams, XML schemas, and CSV formats.

If you think you have what it takes to deliver the above, please click on the "Apply" button.


Quoting ref no. JO-1707-84022. Want to know more about Davidson? Visit us at www.davidsonwp.comOur low margins will keep your application super competitiveFederal Govt Department​Australian Citizens with Baseline Clearance only
WEB DESGINER
SELECTION CRITERIA
Essential Criteria:
1.       A strong design portfolio with suitable experience working with web, in particular designing responsive and accessible products.
2.       An understanding of HTML, Javascript, PHP, CSS, and jQuery to contribute to development of websites and services.
3.       Solid and demonstrated understanding of Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0
4.       Ability to both collaborate with team members and to work independently in a fast paced, agile work environment.
5.       Proven ability to think strategically and to consider the requirements of the customer and their audience to plan and design creative, robust and effective solutions.
6.       Excellent written and verbal communication skills including the ability to explain complex issues and solutions to customers and executive staff.
Desirable Criteria:
1.       Designing for Drupal themes
2.       Website development using open source stacks
Role Closes 17 July 2017, Monday 5 pm
Send resume at: alka@rollinn.com.au

        
        
          alka@rollinn.com.auIT Specialist
      
      

Expected start date: 17th July 2017Initial 3 month contract + extensionConvenient Sydney CBD location. The position is also available in Canberra.
 
A contract opportunity has become available for a developer with hands on experience with Drupal 7 and preferably Govcms.  You will be accountable for the development and delivery of a "NEW" REST API that will reside on
Microsoft Azure platform which will facilitate access initially to an
SQL database.
 
Note this is part of a new tenancy and expectation that the successful candidate will be in a position to work independently and lead this development.
 
Duties and skills required:
 

Demonstrated experience with web applications and programming languages such as HTML, CSS, Javascript, JQuery and API's.Hands on design and development experience with web services such as REST, SOAP Strong design knowledge and ability to adhere to existing design guidelines.Possess a strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to government web design.Responsible to ensure project is delivered on time and to the required standard.Liaise with stakeholders to identify business requirements.Develop and maintain a network with others internally and externally, build relationships with team members, management and a range of stakeholdersResponsible for documentation and knowledge share for transition of work.NOTE: Australian citizens only 
 
This opportunity is available for an immediate start. Please follow the link to submit your application, alternatively phone Deqa on 02 9223 9855 or email deqa.omer@talentinternational.comDotDev — a digital development company that specialises in working with creatives, agencies and global brands.
We are looking for a creative and driven front-end developer to work within our Ballarat team.
You will be working within a creative environment, building digital products and applications with a focus on exceptional user experience.
No recruiters or agents, please.
 
PRIORITIES

Conceptualise and execute ideas across all digital media Inspire and collaborate with your co­-workers to deliver quality products Identify and communicate best practices for front end development Understand and work within client goals and requirements Build reusable code and libraries for future use Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize Application for maximum speed and scalability
 
REQUIREMENTS

Minimum 2 to 3 years hands-on experience Strong HTML5, JavaScript and CSS3 skills Solid experience with PHP and Twig Understanding of Node, Git, Yarn, Gulp CSS pre-processors experience (SASS, PostCSS)
 
DESIRABLE

Experience with front end frameworks (AngularJS or React) Exposure to animation libraries (GASP, Bodymovin, Snap.svg)
 
BENEFITS

Flexible work hours Excellent career growth opportunities Employee bonus and entitlement policy Allocated study days each yearSolution Development Consultant
		
      	
      	
At Avanade, business and technology consulting isn't just your career…it's your passion. And that means more than just working with new innovations. It means using technology to solve business problems in ways that make a real difference to you, your customers,
 and the world.
At Avanade, we:

Are passionate about pushing the limits of Microsoft technologies to help our customers achieve their goals
Thrive on open dialogue and debate. We share best practices and solve problems through teamwork.
Are committed to growth - as an organization and for each individual.
As a Solution Development Consultant, your focus will be on developing and testing mission critical enterprise solutions comprised of custom development and enterprise products.
You will provide professional consulting services on major enterprise initiatives utilizing the Microsoft Framework including web services, enterprise portals and mobile applications. You will build management, technical and planning skills by participating
 in large projects. You will improve your abilities to think creatively, design solutions, and interact with customers. You will contribute to our vast repository of intellectual property as we employ Microsoft technologies to create a dramatically more personal,
 integrated computing experience.
You will:

Participate in the assessment of the customer environment, their requirements and documents results properly
Develop technical specifications based on functional requirements Develop adaptive code to best practices, principles and patterns Perform automated testing according to a given test plan and documents results
Perform basic support and debugging in test and production environment Identify and escalate problems Maintain and repair existing applications Develop components of the technical solution proposal
Requirements:
You will have excellent communication skills and will have hands-on experience working on component based applications in a distributed environment. Qualified candidates should possess:

1+ year technology consulting 2 to 4+ years as a programmer Deep Microsoft platform Skills Full lifecycle experience developing large scale, scalable applications 2 + years demonstrated strong knowledge and proficiency in the following:

.NET Framework QA & Testing procedures ASP.NET / MVC HTML 5 / CSS JavaScript, jQuery, Angular.JS C#, Unity SQL Server Xamarin Azure 
2+ years demonstrated strong knowledge and proficiency in the following development methodologies:

Agile (Scrum) / TDD Waterfall / Iterative Waterfall Object Oriented Development Patterns Design for reuse 

Demonstrated project experience with regard to estimates, planning and deliverables:

Proven ability to understand a customer's needs Strong critical thinking skills, and the ability to think on your feet Ability to learn in a fast-paced environment Willingness to travel Strong customer service skills Passion for technology Excellent verbal and written communication skills Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, MIS or related field
Are you ready?
Are you passionate about pushing the limits of Microsoft technologies to help our customers achieve their goals?
Do you thrive in an organization with real passion for collaboration, business and changing things for the better?
Are you analytical and enthusiastic, full of curiosity and drive, and have an eye for business?
Are you excited by developing well-crafted software using agile and lean approaches?
Do you have a never-ending thirst for knowledge and you like to share it with fellow developers and consultants?
Would you love to be part of a skilled and passionate team that every day will inspire you to be the best you can be?
If so, we might be just right for each other!
Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud-enabling services, business solutions and design-led experiences, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000
 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has 30,000 professionals in 24 countries. Visit us at www.avanade.comWe are leading online eCommerce company looking talent candidate for a PHP Developers to help accelerate our online eCommerce business. 
 
 
You will have:

Minimum of 1-2 years of commercial experience in PHP( with OO concepts) experience.
Experience with HTML5, CSS3,jQuery and Javascript , Prototype, XML Experience with Relational Databases (MySQL) An excellent work ethic and a can-do attitude A talent for communicating ideas, issues and solutions in a team environment Excellent communication and writing skills University degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field.
 
 
Please submit your CV belowSenior .Net Developer
    
    

Initial 6 month contract - with a view to extend Sydney CBD Location Excellent day rate$
Essential Experience:

+4 years development experience C# ASP.Net, MVC5 JavaScript, JQuery, Angular.js AND/OR React.js HTML5, CSS3 Web API SQL Server 
Desirable Experience:

Agile (Scrum Experience)  Jira TFS AWS, Azure Github
What about you? You are:

Motivated Self-starter Live & breathe new technologies Able to prioritise and juggle workload Have high attention to detail Excellent communication skills
If this sounds like you, please apply NOW by clicking the APPLY NOW button, or email your WORD CV to suzie.berry@evolutionjobs.com.au.
Due to high volume of candidates only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.Reporting Analyst
      
      

Part time opportunity CBD location Legal industry
 
Create, maintain and enhance suite of reports:

Convert business requirements to reporting deliverables Assist with dashboard and report generation using appropriate technology Ensure consistency with existing standards and branding Address non-functional requirements in system design (e.g. availability, browser compatibility, device support, performance, security, auditability)
Ensure appropriate test coverage at unit and system level Support UAT testing and business sign off Provide post implementation support Fix, test and release bug fixes and system enhancements in a managed release cycle
3+ years of report building and maintenance experience Technical expertise regarding data models, database design  development, data mining and segmentation techniques
Strong knowledge of and experience with SSRS, SQL databases, programming (XML, JavaScript)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organise, analyse and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Strong database query skills and experience using stored procedures, views, functions, QA and testing
Proven ability to manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously Ability to prioritise workload, manage time and schedule tasks, and be resilient to changing priorities
Proven ability to work autonomously  Excellent verbal and written communication skill  Can do attitude with a focus on providing a solution Committed to working in a collaborative, team-focused environment Focus on great internal and external customer service Experience and working knowledge of Microsoft products
If you would like to be considered for this opportunity, please submit your CV & Cover Letter in
Word Format only by clicking on APPLY NOW quoting
Reference Number: 2003890IT Web Designer
      
      

Sydney CBD location. The position is also available in CanberraInitial 3 month contract + extension Immediate start required 
The IT Web developer  will be accountable for the design development and delivery of multiple interactive forms on the
Drupal 7 - GovCms environment.
 
The person MUST have:

Hands on development experience with Drupal 7 and preferably in the government sector.Demonstrated experience with web applications and programming languages such as HTML, CSS, Javascript, JQuery and API's.Hands on design and development experience with web services such as REST, SOAP Strong design knowledge and ability to adhere to existing design guidelines.Possess a strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to government web design.Responsible to ensure project is delivered on time and to the required standard.Ability to liaise with stakeholders to identify business requirements.Develop and maintain a network with others internally and externally, build relationships with team members, management and a range of stakeholders.Responsible for documentation and knowledge share for transition of work.​NOTE: Australian citizens only. 
 
If this sounds like you and you would like to apply for this role, please send your resume in
word format only to Deqa at deqa.omer@talentinternational.comRuby on Rails | New Year, New Roles!
      
      Interactiveinc is one of Australia's leading digital recruitment specialists. We work with employers and candidates to build effective permanent, and freelance teams. 

Our clients are diverse and range from government to digital and advertising agencies, right through to software companies and start-ups, working across industries to ensure roles and candidates are a perfect match.

Our approach is purely consultative and it is through that approach that not only will you be put in touch with the most relevant clients but we can also offer genuine industry insights and advice as to the most productive way to maximise your career. 

With new New Financial Year comes our busiest period and already we are seeing an increase in demand for quality Ruby on Rails developers.

As such, If you have the following experience and attributes, then we want to hear from you!

Between 2 - 10 + years Ruby on Rails exposure Technologies: Ruby, Rails, RoR, Postgresql, SQL, Jquery, Javascript, Coffeescript, Rspec, Capybara, FactoryGirl, Redis, Rest APIs, JSON, Heroku, AWS, TDD, Continuous Integration, JIRA, Bitbucket, Jenkins 
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal  Strong previous tenures and/or references Strong work ethic and collaborative nature 
We are working with multiple different clients, so to hear which one you may be best suited for don't hesitate in calling William direct on 02 9114 8160 for a confidential discussion. Alternatively, apply with your resume direct below. 

      
      William Cathcart
02 9114 8160Solution Development Consultant
		
      	
      	
At Avanade, business and technology consulting isn't just your career…it's your passion. And that means more than just working with new innovations. It means using technology to solve business problems in ways that make a real difference to you, your customers,
 and the world.
At Avanade, we:

Are passionate about pushing the limits of Microsoft technologies to help our customers achieve their goals
Thrive on open dialogue and debate. We share best practices and solve problems through teamwork.
Are committed to growth - as an organization and for each individual.
As a Solution Development Consultant, your focus will be on developing and testing mission critical enterprise solutions comprised of custom development and enterprise products.
You will provide professional consulting services on major enterprise initiatives utilizing the Microsoft Framework including web services, enterprise portals and mobile applications. You will build management, technical and planning skills by participating
 in large projects. You will improve your abilities to think creatively, design solutions, and interact with customers. You will contribute to our vast repository of intellectual property as we employ Microsoft technologies to create a dramatically more personal,
 integrated computing experience.
You will:

Participate in the assessment of the customer environment, their requirements and documents results properly
Develop technical specifications based on functional requirements Develop adaptive code to best practices, principles and patterns Perform automated testing according to a given test plan and documents results
Perform basic support and debugging in test and production environment Identify and escalate problems Maintain and repair existing applications Develop components of the technical solution proposal
Requirements:
You will have excellent communication skills and will have hands-on experience working on component based applications in a distributed environment. Qualified candidates should possess:

1+ year technology consulting 2 to 4+ years as a programmer Deep Microsoft platform Skills Full lifecycle experience developing large scale, scalable applications 2 + years demonstrated strong knowledge and proficiency in the following:

.NET Framework QA & Testing procedures ASP.NET / MVC HTML 5 / CSS JavaScript, jQuery, Angular.JS C#, Unity SQL Server Xamarin Azure 
2+ years demonstrated strong knowledge and proficiency in the following development methodologies:

Agile (Scrum) / TDD Waterfall / Iterative Waterfall Object Oriented Development Patterns Design for reuse 

Demonstrated project experience with regard to estimates, planning and deliverables:

Proven ability to understand a customer's needs Strong critical thinking skills, and the ability to think on your feet Ability to learn in a fast-paced environment Willingness to travel Strong customer service skills Passion for technology Excellent verbal and written communication skills Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, MIS or related field
Are you ready?
Are you passionate about pushing the limits of Microsoft technologies to help our customers achieve their goals?
Do you thrive in an organization with real passion for collaboration, business and changing things for the better?
Are you analytical and enthusiastic, full of curiosity and drive, and have an eye for business?
Are you excited by developing well-crafted software using agile and lean approaches?
Do you have a never-ending thirst for knowledge and you like to share it with fellow developers and consultants?
Would you love to be part of a skilled and passionate team that every day will inspire you to be the best you can be?
If so, we might be just right for each other!
Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud-enabling services, business solutions and design-led experiences, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000
 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has 30,000 professionals in 24 countries. Visit us at www.avanade.comTechnical Lead
      
      
At Australia Post, digital innovation is at the heart of our transformation, and we are committed to ensuring our teams of digital specialists are challenged, supported and recognised. Technology is transforming our world and because our customers are at
 the heart of everything we do, we are changing too. So, we provide an environment that ensures we deliver the best: leading edge technologies; a creative, agile approach; a unique breadth of projects and an unexpectedly dynamic, small team culture that feels
 more like a start-up than a 208-year old icon.
What's the job involve?
As a Technical Lead you will be joining our Digital Delivery Centre. DDC is a one-stop- shop that creates and manages compelling digital experiences for our customers. We are customer focused, iterative and adaptive.
You will be responsible for leading a talented team of developers that deliver technology solutions to meet our customers and business needs. You will do this by mentoring, managing and uplifting.
You will architect solutions and provide technical support and advice to management, as well as being happy to be on the tools at times.
What it's like to work here:
For you, it means you'll do great work, learn from the best and develop a career within a robust and well invested but empowering and creative environment. We all work hard – we're working on major challenges, after all – but we also recognise that you have
 a life outside of the office, so we provide flexible conditions that enable you to grow whilst enjoying genuine work life balance.
What we're looking for:

Extensive experience with excellent understanding and commercial experience in Java, J2EE applications
Hands on experience in back end technologies like Spring, Hibernate, SQL, XPath, JXPath, Web Services, REST, Regex, JSON, Velocity and others
Knowledge of Open Source libraries, tools and frameworks, e.g. for logging, testing, building, caching, terracotta
Knowledge in some of the standard front end technologies like HTML,CSS, JavaScript (JQuery), REST, JSON, AngularJS
Experience with running agile software development methodologies like Scrum
Experience developing applications in Cloud environments (AWS)
Interest to learn more about new languages and frameworks
Superior creative and innovative problem-solving skills
Investigate new technologies Exposure to functional programming (Clojure, Scala) is an advantage
Excellent written and verbal communication skills at a technical and non-technical level.
Solution architecture Systems design Applications support Supplier relationship management 

Technical skills are important, however they are not everything. We see our culture just as important and therefore the candidate will have:


Excellent communication skills Ability to work autonomously Desire to try new things Be friendly and approachable! 

We believe a diverse and inclusive workplace brings out the best in our people. We encourage applications from people of all ages, nationalities, cultures and disabilities. A career at Australia Post Group can lead down many paths and we are passionate about
 offering a supportive, inclusive culture, competitive compensation and flexible working conditions that enable you to develop whilst enjoying genuine work life balance.

To register your interest with our passionate careers team, please click "Apply Now" and remember to upload your details and your most recent resume.

#LISenior PHP Developer / Technical Lead
      
      

Would you like to be involved in technical decision making and influencing the business?Are you a confident yet humble Senior PHP Developer?Are you looking to become a Technical Lead?

Reporting into C level Managers, assisting junior developers, generating new ideas to grow and benefit the technical future of the business.

The client is an established start up company with a large investor backing their growth. They provide a cloud based web applications to their industry and have large well known clients. They have created a collection of customized and specialized products
 to allow their clients to manager their business better and maximize their productivity.

You will be joining a team of 4 developers and the wider company who are protective of their friendly culture. You will be assisting the C level manager with their decision making based on your technical abilities. You will also be fundamental in coming
 up with innovative ideas for the next disruptive application in the industry.

Requirements:

Very strong experience in developing web applications using PHPGood knowledge of MVC frameworks - ideally LaravelMySQLHTML5, CSS/SASS, JavaScriptGit/Version ControlOutstanding communication skills

Desirable but not mandatory skills:

AWSBuilding distributed web applicationsNode.jsAgile/Scrum methodologiesJIRAElasticsearchTDDiOS/Android app development

Enquiries can be made to Thomas Scriven at Hudson 
in our Brisbane office on (07) 3258 8438 quoting
Ref. No. 4B/25670. Your application will be treated in the strictest of confidence.Junior Software (Graduate) Developer
    
    

Melbourne CBD Location Opportunity to Rotate Various Projects Mentorship Program Available 

Melbourne CBD

As Australia's largest privately owned IT Services Company conducting business Australia wide and in the Asia Pacific region,
Dialog's key focus is on delivering outstanding results to its many corporate and government clients using leading tools, technologies and methodologies.
Dialog is a dynamic organisation which offers attractive career development to its people through diverse projects, training and mentoring in a collaborative atmosphere.

Dialog enjoys long-term relationships with Australia's Peak Government and Corporate organisations. As a Dialog consultant engaging with these clients you will:

Work with key stakeholders to achieve world's best practice processes in major projects
Work on a wide variety of interesting and challenging assignments Work with colleagues in partnership with clients who are committed to achieving their business objectives
Enjoy salary above industry standard in a working environment in which effort, creativity and a positive attitude are highly valued
Have extensive training opportunities through the Dialog Academy, which offers over 1,500 IT and 800 Business Skills courses
Work with like-minded colleagues who share information and focus on the goal, driving the project and their careers further and faster

Dialog is seeking enthusiastic and innovative Junior Software (Graduate) Developers keen to kick-start their consulting career as part of the Victorian Graduate Innovation Program. Gain exposure to cutting-edge technologies
 in enterprise-level project environments. 

Dialog requires people who possess the following attributes: 

Tertiary qualifications in Computer Science, Information Technology, Information Systems or related degrees
Excellent knowledge or proven hands-on experience developing with C#.NET, Java or Front-End Technologies (HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript)
Practical experience with SQL Server or Oracle Databases is highly advantageous
A passion to learn new technologies and commitment to ongoing professional development 
An ability to engage with key external and internal stakeholders in a projects environment

Established in 1979, Dialog employs over 1,200 people throughout Australia, and provides a wide range of information technology solutions to government and corporate clients.

At Dialog, our whole approach is based on four key values: Involved, Committed, Can Do, Always.

It's these values, applied to every project, which stand behind our success and ensure we are always client focused. These same four values underpin the relationship we enjoy with our people.

Join our team of professional, enthusiastic and experienced consultants, where communication, learning and knowledge sharing are prized. We offer an excellent benefits package.

Dialog is an equal opportunity employer.

Applicants should be Australian or NZ citizens or Australian permanent residents. If you are not an Australian or New Zealand citizen you will need to provide your passport and visa for our review.

Visit our website www.dialog.com.au for more information.
    
    
      
     
    
    INVOLVED,
      COMMITTED, CAN DO, ALWAYS,Senior Frontend Developer - Melbourne
    
    
Read and answer the question within the body of this ad!
Front End Developer / Engineers! I have just been briefed on a very exciting project at a global Digital Consultancy who is working with a very well known client. It is a great time to join an agile, cross functional, collaborative team to build a react
 native app that features Virtual Reality.
I am looking for someone with at least 2 - 3 years commercial experience with React.js. A bonus if you have worked with React Native or exposure to building applications for iOS and Android.
If not react.js, then at least 3-4 years of Angular.js is also of interest to this client.
They are building some very exciting digital products that focus on user experience. You will be working closely with other digital pioneers across responsive web experiences. On the day to day you will be using HTML, CSS and JavaScript, Gulp / Webpack,
 CMS (such as Sitecore, AEM, Drupal etc). You will also be prototyping concepts, testing, and building with best practice. 
 
To make sure you have read this job description I'd love for you to tell me the following:
When and why is React.js useful? 
 
I look forward to receiving your application.
Must hold a valid working visa and be based in Melbourne for this 3-6 month contract
 
If this isn't quite right but you are a Developer / Engineer / Programmer looking for a Permanent or Contract position please send your resume to
jfrancis@nakamamelbourne.com and I will see which of my clients would be suitable to introduce you to.Integration Support Officer (Analyst Programmer)
        
Reporting to the Team Leader - Technical Management (Application Services), this role works within the Technical Management team to administer, maintain and support Integration services.  This position will be responsible for providing level 3 technical
 support; identifying, documenting and sharing data, and information and technology integration models.
Mandatory qualifications and licences:

Tertiary qualifications in IT or a related discipline;
Essential experience and skills:

Must be able to demonstrate exceptional programming knowledge and practice in the field of Information Management & Technology;
Experience and knowledge in enhancing the customer experience, increasing value-added to customers and maximizing accessibility and minimising risk to an orgasniation's information resources;
Experience in any programming languages (eg NET and C#, Java); Knowledge of web services (eg. REST and SOAP); Understanding of SOA/EAI; Front end technologies (eg. JQuery, JavaScript, HTML5 CSS); Strong problem solving skills.
This is a permanent full-time position working 35 hours per week with 19 day month flexi-time available. 
Attractive salary commensurate with talent and experience.
Applications close:  Friday 16 July 2017.  
All applications must address the selection criteria contained in the job description.  Applications to be submitted via Council's website www.sutherlandshire.nsw.gov.au.
Please quote reference no 55-17 when applying.
This position have been re-advertised. Previous applicants will not be considered.My client in Sydney CBD has a need for a Salesforce developer with proven hands on experience working across multiple projects with various requirements

The right person will have 3-5 years experience in Salesforce development and the following:

Must-have skills:
Demonstrated experience developing Salesforce Managed Package software solutions
Web development with Lightning Components, Visualforce Pages, HTML, CSS and Javascript
Apex development
Triggers and scheduled job development in Force.com
Web service (REST & SOAP)
Git, Jira, Confluence Salesforce migration tool
Changeset
J2SE
Salesforce Certification in one or more of Advanced Administration, Platform App Builder, Platform Developer 1, or Platform Developer 2 

If you match the skills required, Apply Today 

To apply please send your CV to Colleen Neenan by clicking the 'Apply Now' button below. (Reference Number )
AustCorp provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment in accordance with federal and state laws.

 


      
      
      
      To apply please click the pink 'APPLY' button below
        
        Telephone : 1300 574 575Ruby on Rails Developer
      
      Remote Access Available
      
      
        Experienced RoR Developer
        
        Remote Access Possible
        
        12 Month Contract
        
      
      
12 month contract role for a RoR Developer based on the Gold Coast with remote access available

Your new company
A major employer on the Gold Coast, this multinational company has been experiencing a huge amount of growth through its traditional channels and acquisitions. An exciting pipeline of new and ongoing projects has seen the need to bring on an experienced RoR
 developer on a 12 month contract. This is a rare opportunity to work in a high profile product based dev environment.

Your new role
Reporting to the Development Lead, the successful candidate will be able complete all phases of software development life cycle including analysis, design, functionality, testing and support of new and existing web applications. You will also be a reliable
 team player while being able to work independently and have the ability to communicate at all levels of the company.

What you'll need to succeed
The successful candidate will have a proven advanced background in Ruby on Rails Development, Javascript, jQuery, HTML, Advanced CSS, specifically responsive design API consumption MySQL.

What you'll get in return
A greatly hourly rate and the opportunity to work remotely is on offer for this 12 month contract with this Gold Coast based powerhouse.

What you need to do now
For more information please contact Tracey Hema on (07) 5667 5250 or email tracey.hema@hays.com.au [mailto:tracey.hema@hays.com.au]

      
      
      Reference Number:
        1891527
      
      
      To apply please click
        the 'Apply' button below.Coroma:
We are a boutique consultancy specialising in the deployment of CRM and Mobile solutions including extensive integration points between multiple platforms (SaaS, PaaS and on-premise).  
You will be working with a team of highly technical and experienced people, who are committed to delivering business value and quality to our clients.
Our clients are predominately in the financial services sector and demand high quality, innovative and dependable solutions both nationally and internationally.
The role:
Due to recent rapid growth, we are looking for skilled a Salesforce Consultant (Developer or Architect level) to become part of our team in
Sydney, Melbourne or  Canberra.  You will be responsible for providing guidance and leadership for Salesforce implementations, integrations, and enhancements.  As part of your role you will be required to embrace
 and apply new and innovative technologies following best practices. 
About you:
To succeed in this role it is essential you possess solid experience with  the Salesforce development platform.  This role will include working as part of a team or independently.  You should be a knowledge leader and be expected to take ownership of outcomes.
Essential criteria for the role:


Demonstrable Apex and Visual Force experience

Experience in the development of Triggers and Classes

Experience in the development and deployment of change sets

Knowledge and experience with JavaScript, jQuery and CSS technologies would be preferable

Knowledge and understanding of integration technologies SOAP /REST APIs

Salesforce certified

A degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field (desirable)

Your profile:


Contribute exceptional programming skills to develop highly innovative solutions

Drive complete features from requirements through to deployment

Collaborate closely with other consultants, managers, and executives to define and design high quality solutions

Ability to perform well under pressure

Confidence, self-motivation & a desire to be challenged

Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
If you believe that this role is for you please submit your cv, including contact details to
careers@coroma.com.au 
Please note while we are normally happy to hear from our friends in the recruitment industry, in this instance individual candidates only should apply.
careers@coroma.com.auRuby on Rails Developer
      
      Remote Access Available
      
      
        Experienced RoR Developer
        
        Remote Access Possible
        
        12 Month Contract
        
      
      
12 month contract role for a RoR Developer based on the Gold Coast with remote access available

Your new company
A major employer on the Gold Coast, this multinational company has been experiencing a huge amount of growth through its traditional channels and acquisitions. An exciting pipeline of new and ongoing projects has seen the need to bring on an experienced RoR
 developer on a 12 month contract. This is a rare opportunity to work in a high profile product based dev environment.

Your new role
Reporting to the Development Lead, the successful candidate will be able complete all phases of software development life cycle including analysis, design, functionality, testing and support of new and existing web applications. You will also be a reliable
 team player while being able to work independently and have the ability to communicate at all levels of the company.

What you'll need to succeed
The successful candidate will have a proven advanced background in Ruby on Rails Development, Javascript, jQuery, HTML, Advanced CSS, specifically responsive design API consumption MySQL.

What you'll get in return
A greatly hourly rate and the opportunity to work remotely is on offer for this 12 month contract with this Gold Coast based powerhouse.

What you need to do now
For more information please contact Tracey Hema on (07) 5667 5250 or email tracey.hema@hays.com.au [mailto:tracey.hema@hays.com.au]

      
      
      Reference Number:
        1891525
      
      
      To apply please click
        the 'Apply' button below.If you're a talented and practical Front End REACT developer with a passion for high quality commercially successful solutions, then this challenge is for you!
 
Who are we?

We are the largest Australasian and South East Asian supplier of management software to our niche industry, and we are growing and going global!
Our solution based products are well used and well loved by all our customers and although we have been around for more than 15 years we consider ourselves as technology startup.
We are dedicated to what we do and we are seeking another highly motivated, dedicated and results driven team member to join our small but very experienced team of industry experts.
We are conveniently located near Central Station and surrounded by Surry Hills' pubs, cafes & restaurants.
 
What do we want you to do?

To take our vision and our products and to bring them to life in a way that will make them loved by us and our customers.
To assist with the ongoing development of our cutting-edge, cloud-based software for customers across Australia and beyond.
To understand that with every startup everyone is expected to get their hands dirty, working on both the big stuff and not so big stuff.
To think like our customers, always asking 'what would my customer want?'. To be happy to talk to customers so you know first hand what they want.
To work effectively and productively with all stakeholders so that you deliver the very best outcomes for our products.
 
Who are we looking for?

A brilliant Front End developer with a passion for online technologies. Understanding and experience in a Full Stack environment with the ability to work in the Back End is also required.
You're excellent at communicating with your team and with customers. You're great at designing/implementing effective technology solutions, both large & small.
You have extensive experience developing and extending websites and web based applications.
You love learning new skills and working with new technology. You're passionate about writing clean, extensible code. 5+ years minimum experience in Front End and PHP development with previous experience working with REACT. Further experience is highly regarded.
Mobile application development experience would be highly regarded.
 
What are the Essential Skills we are looking for?

React Native PHP5 Database Design (MySQL) HTML/CSS JavaScript Frameworks / Libraries ( eg. Angular.js, React.js) PHP MVC Frameworks ( eg Laravel/Cake)
 
What we need you to do
If you are a talented Senior Front End developer possessing the requisite skills, seeking an opportunity to join a fast-growing software solution provider offering freedom and variety in your role, then apply with:

Resume / LinkedIn profile: tell us where you have been and what you have achieved.Front End Developer
      
      Limelight People have been engaged to support an expanding digital agency in their hunt for a passionate front end developer. The environment is fast paced with the opportunity to work with a varied client base and have input in exciting projects.


This business has a great culture and ideal for someone wanting a great work / life balance.


The role would suit a confident dev not afraid to share ideas but also receptive to taking on new ways of working and direction from experienced members of the team.  A collaborative approach is encouraged. 

Essential Criteria


Excellent communication and interpersonal skills  Ability to work with autonomy as well as a key team member Good working knowledge of front end development - 2 years exposure ideally Commercial experience across HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, Wordpress, PHP and MySQL, (Angular.JS a big plus!)

Join an established team of like minded individuals whilst taking advantage of the clear career progression and bonus schemes in place. 

For further information apply online or send your resume straight to kh@limelightpeople.com.au 


      
      Kate
0413194749
      
      Web: limelightpeople.com.au
        Email: jobs@limelightpeople.com.auThe Company
We are a boutique Web design and SEO company based In Alexandria Sydney and have been in business for over 14 years. We have large client base of medium to small sized businesses and require a web designer to work on new and existing websites.
Your Profile
We are looking for a web designer who has the following attributes:

Excellent communicator with patience Excellent written and verbal skills with strong attention to detail Fast & efficient worker Ability to follow direction and understand design concepts; Proactively research and apply product industry advancements; Deliver projects and tasks within required time frames; Liaise with account managers and SEO staff on requirements, delivery and design briefs;
Advanced proficiency in Adobe Flash, Photoshop & Illustrator Proficient in WordPress & JavaScript  Develop web applications/pages using CSS, HTML and JavaScript Experience with Web Development tools in producing design mock-up Ideally, 3+ years in the web design industry Has a great portfolio Efficient at website updates Experience working with eCommerce will also be beneficial
Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button.Full Stack Developer
      
      Our client, an Australian-owned, award-winning company, is looking for a talented Java developer to join their team on a permanent, full time basis. This is an exciting opportunity to work with a collaborative, engaging, challenging and supportive team in
 developing a new platform. 

The Position: 

Collaborating and working as part of the delivery team. Creating solutions by developing, implementing, and maintaining Java-based components.
Write unit tests. Create code from scratch.  Execute all visual design stages from concept through to final hand-off to engineering, including some front-end implementation.
Present designs and key deliverables to peers and stakeholders. Establish and promote design guidelines, best practices and standards. HTML, CSS3, Bootsrap/Material JavaScript, React, Angular, Java within a DI framework. 

Essential Requirements: 

5+ years experience as full stack developer Excellent communication and presentation skills Strong working knowledge of front-end development technologies including HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
Must have AWS & SOA experience 
Please send your CV via the apply button, or to lroantree@launchrecruitment.com.au or for a confidential chat, please call 02 8023 5616
      
      Lisa Roantree
02 8023 5616Who we are?
Civica is an International market leader in specialist systems and business process services for organisations across the public and private sector. We apply software, cloud-based services and outsourcing to facilitate, improve
 and wholly transform the way our customers work.
The Civica Group has a clear and focused vision
to be the leading IT-based services partner in our chosen markets, helping customers to do more, do better and spend less through our unique combination of people, technology and business process expertise. Combining exceptional customer insight and
 commitment with operational expertise the people of Civica are a differentiator for our business. Informed by a clear vision we continue to build mutually beneficial and lasting relationships, embracing a
core set of values (Knowledge, Integrity & Action) and a strong focus on supporting our people and our corporate responsibility.
Our business builds software and services that support some of the most important people in our society; we build software that helps teachers teach, we build management solutions that help local councils deliver important services
 to communities, we work with some of the largest health fund providers in the country to ensure their customers have ready access to the care they need, and we provide libraries management tools that allow everyone to have access to more information and resources
 in their local region.
Who are we looking for?
We are currently recruiting a Senior .NET Developer in our Education business to be a key contributor to .NET project development and system maintenance. Reporting to the Development Manager, this is a permanent
 hands-on position.
Responsibilities include

Day to day development tasks. Technical design for software components. Assist in defining development and process standards. Monitor progress on task assignments and communicate with offshore / junior developers regularly to ensure tasks are completed on time and within budget constraints.
 
Desired Skills and Experience

.Net MVC/ C#, ASP.NET, JSON, XML Excellent Front-end development skills HTML5 CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, KendoUI, Bootstrap, TypeScript.
Strong backend development experience Strong experience with SQL server Experience with both Agile and Waterfall methodologies. Detail focused and good organisational skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Cooperative Team Player
Want to join us?
We offer you flexible working arrangements, a competitive benefits package, regular "free feeds" and informal Friday drinks all from a modern working environment with the tools you'd expect to help you get the job done. Our workforce
 is proud to work in the sectors we do, where we make a real difference, contributing to the growth of the society that we live in. As part of an International company with a robust financial track record that has grown consistently for over a decade, we offer
 a stable business for you to join, with a strong commitment to diversity & inclusion and reward & recognition for our people.
Please include a cover letter outlining how you meet the required criteria and a
resume in your application. Note only successful candidates will be contacted. 
Civica is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes applications from all sections of the community.DevOps Cloud Migration Specialist - Java | NodeJS | AWS
    
    
We are looking for a Software Developer with 5+ years experience to work within our Enterprise Services team to transform our IT Service Management applications. This role is looking for an individual who has exposure to Service Management applications and
 has previously migrated applications from traditional on premise deployments to a CI/CD pipeline.
You will be the go to Cloud specialist for the Service Owner of the ITSM portfolio, executing the strategic items in the roadmap relating to the envisioned Cloud migration of the application stack.

Key Responsibilities

Migrate applications to new hosting patterns Adhere to the development practices of team Be able to design & document solutions with little guidance Work with resources in multiple geographical locations, in aligned teams 
Skills Required

Scripting languages (Perl) Java NodeJS JavaScript Strong stakeholder engagement skills Experience in working with geographically distributed teams 
If you match the above requirements and are looking for a new role then please apply via the link or alternatively contact Jon Grant on
jon.grant@macquarie.com
The Corporate Operations Group (COG) brings together specialist support services including workplace, human resources, market operations and technology. COG's purpose is to drive operational excellence through business-aligned services with a focus on quality,
 cost and risk. COG comprises the following divisions: Business Improvement and Strategy, Business Services, Human Resources, Market Operations, and Technology.
Find out more about Macquarie careers at 
www.macquarie.com/careers
Macquarie understands the importance of diversity and inclusion - our long history of success has come from being different. At Macquarie we value the innovation and creativity that diversity of thought brings. The one thing we all have in common is our
 focus on high performance. If you're capable, motivated and can deliver, we want you on our team.Golang Fullstack Developer - FinTech Platform Development
      
      My client, a top FinTech driven business are looking to build an innovation team from scratch with a talented GO Language Developer. This is a great opportunity, looking for a talented Golang focused developer with strong skills in Javascript technologies,
 primarily focused on React.js, with a strong interest in scalability, Microservices and Distributed Architecture.

Any skills across Node.js, express,js, MongoDB, CouchDB, React Native is highly regarded. Although, not essential. My client are keen purely on forward thinking Golang & Javascript centric technologists! 

Having extensive Golang experience is not necessary. Having a strong interest and ideally a Github displaying GO work, will be considered.


Strong JS technologists, with a passion for Golang are the main focus.

Key Skills & Experience:

5+ years software development development experience, building scalable solutions in an agile environment
Prior development knowledge of Golang is highly regarded Have a passion for solving complex problems Must have experience with Javascript, ideally around ReactJS & Node.js Strong Agile methodology knowledge Excellent communication skills Enjoys working in an agile / collaborative digital technology environment Any exposure to the financial services / wealth management industry is highly regarded

This role is keen to start someone ASAP and is offing a very attractive salary and benefits package! 

To find out more please e-mail your CV to ds@limelightpeople.com.au 
Or call 02 8458 2626
      
      David Steven
02 8458 2626
      
      Web: limelightpeople.com.au
        Email: jobs@limelightpeople.com.auFunctional Programming Fanatic - feat. Josh Wulf
      
      Yo, I'd heard all the cool kids talking about Elm -the functional front-end language- and how it solves problems of JavaScript at scale; particularly the issue of run-time exceptions. Proponents claim that Elm eliminates null-pointer exceptions: if
 your code compiles it will *never* throw an exception at run-time.

I had to find out more, so I flew to Norway to attend a one-day workshop in Elm programming run by the organisers of the Oslo Elm Day. At their most recent event they had 120 developers and a prog metal band.
 
Here's how Elm eliminates run-time exceptions: data is wrapped in a "Maybe" Monad with a Just and Nothing interface. Every time you want to deal with the value of a "variable" you write two code paths: one for Just (it has a value) and one for Nothing (it has
 no value).

In JavaScript you do this with:

if (req && req.body && req.body.data && req.body.data.name) { 
    // do something with req.body.data.name...  
}
 
This is a programming convention, however, and it's not enforced by the compiler - so it can easily be left out. Failure to test for the existence of a data field killed the Azure table storage library during Magikcraft's first World Record attempt (I submitted
 a patch that got merged in to the Azure JavaScript SDK). 
 
In Elm you *have* to account for the possibility of null, or your code won't compile. 
 
Apple's Swift language has "optional chaining" to deal with this, but JavaScript doesn't.

You can achieve something close to this level of code correctness -without switching to Elm- by using TypeScript and the TS-monad library. It makes your code more verbose, and forces you to deal with possible exceptions in code pathways... and guarantees that
 your code will never throw a run-time exception.

- Josh Wulf (Legendary Recruiter at Just Digital People)

The Opportunity

Keen to find out more? Hit me up. Functional programming not really your thing? Get in contact with my anyway, I always have a wide range of different and equally fantastic jobs going that are all things digital.


www.justdigitalpeople.com.au

Sammy Herbert
Talent Scout | Software Engineering

T | 0424 375 424
E | sammy@justdigitalpeople.com.au

A recruiter at JDP by day, also Australasia's female breakdancing champion, happy to throw down anytime - if you got what it takes ;)
 
I'm committed to empowering women in software development and leaving the world a better place than I found it.Senior Java Developer
        
        
Immediate requirement
Brisbane CBD based
$110k salary on offer  
 
The Client 
We are working closely with a well-respected company, operating for close to 20 years and based in here in Brisbane, assisting in their search for an experienced
Senior Java Developer to join their established team of developers.
 
The role
You will be a senior developer, working for the R and D department with others like you to solve problems and design and develop solutions to application and integration problems. You'll need to be technically hands-on and be able to work with your colleagues
 to ensure the best outcome for our client's customers.
 
Your Profile 
Our client is looking for a candidate with excellent java skills and a passion for the technology, continually looking to update and improve their skills. We have an open attitude to technology and are committed to incorporating new technologies into the
 work they produce for their customers. They expect our people to continually evolve and invest in the latest technologies and techniques.
Skills and experience required:

Excellent Java developments skills  Scala experience JavaScript experience AWS Knowledge of Service Oriented Architecture Good documentation and communications skills with client facing experience. Experience working in an Agile (Scrum) environment.
 
Apply Today
This is an urgent requirement and we are interviewing now. To apply for this position please send your resume by clicking on the apply button or for further information contact Ben Griffiths in our Brisbane office on 0481 130 223Full-stack Java Developer/Support x 2
      
      
        2 x permanent roles
        
        Specialist Project Team
        
        $80,000 - $100,000 base + super + training
        
      
      Our client is a well-respected national institution and have new project team focusing on some niche applications. They are currently growing their development function and are after2 x Java Developers with a mix of development and support.
 You will work in an Agile product delivery mode and work well in a small team of Developers.
 
 
To qualify for this role you will ideally have:
 


Strong Java skills across back-end and front-end (approx. 5-10 years)

Strong Spring framework experience

Ability to trouble-shoot and support applications

Strong understanding of design patterns, code maintenance: MVC, NoSQL, queues, SSO, etc.

Strong front-end: HTML5/CSS3, JavaScript, Angular/React, etc.

Web APIs

Agile/TDD

Strong communicator

 
Our client is looking for 2 x Java Developer/Support staff to get on board July/August so if you feel this role if you APPLY NOW by clicking the link below or call
Mandy Bose on 03 9604 4202 for a confidential chat.
 
****AUSTRALIAN CITIZENS OR PERMANENT RESIDENTS ONLY****
****ONLY SHORTLISTED CANDIDATES WILL BE CONTACTED****

      
      
      
      
        
          
            Sydney
              +61 2 9249 8000
            Melbourne
              +61 3 9604 4200
            Canberra
              +61 2 6213 5900
          
            Brisbane
              +61 7 3407 3111
            Adelaide
              +61 8 8214 6500
            Perth
              +61 8 8214 6500
          
            
          
        
      
      Privacy Policy:
        Please note, Greythorn is an iProfile partner agency. By submitting your personal
        information to Greythorn you consent to such information being collected, held, used
        and disclosed in accordance with our Privacy Policy. For Greythorn's privacy policy
        and use of iProfile visit: www.greythorn.com.au/privacy-policyDrupal Developer
        
        MTP Services is a joint venture with Cordelta, specialising in IT contracting and Professional Services. We are expanding our Web Apps Development Practice and are looking for two talented Drupal Developers to join the team. 

We are looking for Drupal Developers who will be responsible for back-end/module development.
Responsible for designing and implementing new features and functionality, establishing and guiding the website's architecture, ensuring high-performance and availability, and managing all technical aspects of the CMS. Work closely with front-end developers
 and customers to ensure an effective, visually appealing, and intuitive implementation.
 
Skills that you will have;

• Experience building responsive websites using Drupal CMS, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, and JavaScript/jQuery
• Experience developing web solutions in Drupal and PHP implementations in a LAMP environment
• Ability to architect enterprise Drupal solutions including data, display, and information architecture
• Advanced site-building experience including deep familiarity with Drupal modules such as CTools, Views, and Panels
• Experience creating custom Drupal modules
• Knowledge of PHP, PHP files and theme functions, and knowledge of the Drupal theme layer

Join a talented team of developers within a creative team and work in a culture that fosters an inclusive and flexible work environment, offering opportunities to grow and contribute to the company. Apply below.Senior ReactJS Developer
      
      We're looking for someone who loves front end development. You will be involved in the user interface build and user experience process, and of course, write a lot of code. You'll work within the development team to implement a slick and delightful user
 experience, and will have many opportunities push new technologies.

The Essentials:

4 + years in a front end development role 2 + years experience developing with React/Redux Strong knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript & jQuery Knowledge of front-end build tools such as Grunt & Gulp Great communication and team player skills Strong passion for development and user design 
Extras (Non-essential):

Proven work portfolio (if freelancer) Bachelor/degree/diploma in relevant field 
Perks:

$3000 training budget Free gym Free energy drinks/coffee  

This is your opportunity to join an amazing development company and work with the latest technology. If you have a true passion for front-end development and React is your forte apply now or call Rainbird on 0474710279!AEM Front End Developer
    
    
      High profile project work with leading IT services company
      
      Chance to work with prestigious financial services clients
      
      Competitive daily rates
      
    
    AEM Front End Developer

A 6 month contract role is available, with immediate start.

Key Skills Required

Demonstrable track record in front end software development Experienced in HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery Knowledge of AEM solutions, ideally version 6.2 Ideally have worked closely with Java specialists for back-end development Experience working within an Agile environment Ability to work well within a team as you will be required to work closely with other Developers, Product Owners, UX Designers etc.

About FourQuarters Recruitment

FourQuarters is a specialist boutique recruitment consultancy with offices in Perth, Melbourne & Sydney. We have specialist recruiters in Information Technology, Corporate Finance, Strategy, M&A and Accounting. With over 100 years of recruitment experience
 across the team, we have strong networks to draw upon for both our clients and contacts to leverage. Additional information and individual consultant profiles are available at www.fourquarters.com.au.

FourQuarters Recruitment Contact

Jessica Orrey
Email: jorrey@fourquarters.com.au
Mob: 0414 963 436
Tel: (03) 9982 8474
    
    www.fourquarters.com.auColdFusion Developer 
      
      
Our client is a boutique fast-growing ecommerce company with global presence. They are looking for a ColdFusion developer to help them migrate their platform to a more modern technology!

This is a permanent opportunity basded in Darlinghurst. 


Skills Required:


Strong understanding ColdFusion or a similar server-side technologyA degree in computer science, information technology or relevant fieldMicrosoft SQL Server databaseUnderstanding web technologies and standardsWorking knowledge of HTML, CSS and JavaScriptSubversion source controlExperiences with web CMS (Content Management Systems)Ecommerce experience is nice to have

If you are looking at joining a boutique, fun, flexible and high performing organisation ‘Apply Now’


Shortlisted candidates will be contacted to discuss the role in detail.






      
      The reference number for this job is 174827
        . 
        
        Peoplebank is an equal opportunity employer, actively working with our
        clients in achieving their diversity targets. We encourage all
        experienced applicants to apply for this role. 
        
        Please click the "Apply for this job" button below,If you can demonstrate your expertise in dotNet Web development and are looking for a role that will provide challenges, variety and flexibility, then we should talk.

Opportunities for growth and development Wide variety of interesting and challenging projects Burleigh Heads location
Key Skills and Experience

You MUST have at least 3 years' commercial experience ASP.Net MVC including Web API Recent MVC-Based CMS Experience HTML5, JavaScript and CSS Exposure to Angular 1.x (and 2.x a bonus) Solid back-end software development skills & experience Solid front-end software development skills & experience SQL Server / Transact-SQL Know your way around Visual Studio Know how to work with GIT
Highly Regarded

MCP/MCSD Certification in relevant technologies Experience with Umbraco 4 and 7 Experience with Azure PHP and WordPress skills Agile methodologies Unit Testing Experience with Hangfire Experience with Solr Experience with Sitecore iOS and or Android experience Continuous Integration experience Jira experience Good customer service Experience with SCRUM / Agile Methodologies A hunger and thirst for knowledge – be driven and a quick learner
About Us
KØBEN Digital is a specialist digital agency with offices in Geelong and the Gold Coast delivering bespoke solutions to clients around the world.  We are looking for a suitably qualified application developer to join our Gold Coast office working on apps
 for a wide variety of devices including Samsung, Sony, Telstra, Apple and Android.
Looking for more effective and efficient ways of solving technical problems is at the heart of our culture. We're interested in what's new and how applying new technologies may benefit our clients and their business objectives.
As a business on the cutting edge of Umbraco development, we actively contribute code, assistance and advice back to the Umbraco community; and run the Umbraco Meetups in Australia on a regular basis.
We're big on training and professional development. You will definitely become an Umbraco Certified Master.
We have two locations, Burleigh Heads on the Gold Coast, and Geelong (1 hour from Melbourne).  Our staff love to surf, play computer games, listen to music. We have regular team outings and try to make work a great place to be.  You will get powerful equipment
 and a couple of 4k monitors to work on, a stand up desk and an awesome Ergo Human chair. Oh... and you can wear thongs (jandels, flip flops, pluggers whatever you want to call them), your favourite boardies and t-shirts to work every day (unless the Queen
 is coming in or something like that).
Only those with the right to work in Australia need apply.  We're not able to sponsor a VISA at the present time, and need someone on the ground.Front End Developer
      
      Our global client is seeking a Front-End Developer to work within the development team. You'll play a mission-critical role in developing the front-end functionality and infrastructure that powers our client's products. We're looking for someone with the
 experience, creativity, and passion for producing world-class technology. Companies and consumers alike will rely heavily on what you build, and you'll have a tonne of trust and responsibility. If challenges excite you, and you're ready for a large one, let
 us know.

Requirements:

3+ Years in a similar front-end development position Strong commercial experience developing in HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery Experience developing in AngularJS Experience developing maintainable and scalable code in a team of multiple front end developers
Experience with implementing responsive interfaces Familiarity with version control systems, specifically Git 
Non-essential requirements:


Commercial experience with dynamic single page applications Experience with JavaScript unit and end-to-end testing frameworks and using TDD for front end development
Genuine passion for great user experience Diploma/Degree in relevant field 
This is an incredible position within a global company based in Brisbane. If you're looking to take your career to the next level, this is your opportunity. Call Matthew Rainbird now on 0474710279!Senior NodeJS developer
      
      
Are you looking to work in a Microservices Architecture on NodeJS?

For a client of Sirius Technology we are currently looking for a Senior NodeJS developer to work on Cloud API Solutions for Financial Enterprise Clients. You will be working end-2-end on Greenfield projects and get involved in the design, planning, programming
 and delivery of web application and API solutions.

Essential skills & experience
- NodeJS
- API Development
- JavaScript
- Micro-Services
- AWS
- Agile

Desirable skills & experience
- Angular 2
- RabbitMQ or different messaging
- ESB
- Jenkins
- IAM

We are looking for hands-on candidates who have a pro-active attitude towards problem solving. In this role you will really get to see what it is you are developing and have a big impact on the Greenfield projects. Our growing and profitable client is offering
 a competitive salary and a yearly discretionary bonus. Are you looking to big things in a smaller, but rapidly growing and profitable Fintech?

Pleas apply by uploading your resume through the link or by contacting Koenraad Moltmaker on +61 2 9270 5236.Senior Full Stack.NET Developer to become a CTO – Well funded start up organisation

My client is a well funded start up organisation based in the Inner suburbs Melbourne. They have a unique opportunity for a solid Senior Full Stack .NET Developer with view to becoming a CTO to join on a permanent basis in their growing team. You will be a
 senior / Mid-Level .Net Developer who will be heavily involved with design, architecture and development of cutting edge web technology and platforms.

Key Requirements:
 

High level expertise and experience with ASP.NET MVC Razor, Entity Framework, LINQ, C#,
HTML, CSS. JavaScript, MS SQL Server, MS Azure. Computing degree (Bachelor level or above). Creative, self-motivated and hungry to solve problems. Comfortable with a flexible start-up environment. Experience in software engineering processes and practices (i.e. familiarity with bug tracking systems as well as regression and other testing methodologies).
Experience in modern software tools and processes such as revision control, integrated development environments and agile software development methods.
Experience with working to deadlines to ensure the availability of critical systems.
If you fit the above requirements and looking for your next permanent Senior Full Stack .NET Developer with view to becoming a CTO opportunity, click APPLY and send your CV in word format.

Contact Charmaine Thum for a confidential chat on 03 9020 1996. Alternatively send your CV directly to cthum@siriustechnology.com.au
 

        
        
          Charmaine Thum
03 9020 1996
cthum@siriustechnology.com.auAre you a passionate Web Developer who's hunting for their big break, building software in the FinTech space?

Look no further, this opportunity is it!
We're a small company that started in Melbourne, adding offices in Hong Kong and London, that builds web based software for the financial services industry, operating and running our own products as well as white labelling them to banks and other financial
 or investment management firms. Our IT team is the core of the company, with over 80 developers globally.
We are looking for a Graduate Web Developer who cares about technology and advancing themselves. You must be able to display your skills in development and will be asked to take a technical test.
This role is paying circa $50k. It's a permanent role with a bright future
What's in it for you?

Team of awesome developers who make magical things You will not only learn heaps in the IT development space, you will have exposure to financial-services/banking and investment-management to no end
Melbourne CBD location, good team and office environment

Skills required are: .Net/C#, HTML/Javascript, MVC Willingness to learn, passion for technology

You'll be using things like: .Net, C#/VB, HTML5/JS, MSSQL/NoSQL, Angular/JSON, MVC
We are looking to move quickly. Apply now for an immediate response.Digital Producer
      
      
      
      
        Excellent daily rate + Super
        
        Innovative, creative and fun working environment
        
        Working on Global Brands
        
      
      MID- LEVEL DIGITAL PRODUCER
Would you like to work for an established global production agency? An exciting opportunity is now available for a Digital Producer to join my clients growing digital team.
 
As a Digital Producer, you will work on digital projects, from brief through to deployment, ensuring that they are delivered on time, on budget and that the end results meet or exceed client expectations.


THE JOB
• Proof, test and send email campaigns
• Work on a range of projects from display advertising campaigns, eDM development and dispatch through to small and medium scale web development projects.
• Liaise with media to confirm specifications and deadlines
• Work with design and technical teams

THE SKILLS
• Two years' agency experience
• Across the latest trends in UI/UX
• Strong skills in responsive email and web design
• Basic understanding of a developer's skill sets and web technologies
• Excellent communication and collaboration skills
• Be able to present confidently to clients
• Ability to manage multiple digital projects concurrently; 
• An understanding of HTML5 banner ad production, as well as knowledge of CSS and JavaScript animation libraries and techniques.
  
YOU!
• Passionate 
• A team Player
• Positive 
• Fun!
 
You will be rewarded with a friendly team-based environment, where all members of the agency work together to achieve great results. APPLY NOW!

Rach Exton
 0447 592 515

      
      Rachel Exton
0447 592 515
        
        
        Preacta is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and Staffing Agency,
        and we encourage people of all races, sex, age, and disabilities to
        apply for positions both with ourselves and our clients.Software Analyst
    
    
      Newly created role
      
      Stable working environment; professional and friendly culture;
      
    
    
A process driven software analyst is required to join one of WA's most renowned companies. Combining your expertise in software development and excellent communications skills you will be responsible for driving the development of business critical projects.

Client Details
Our client is a highly reputable business who is well established and recognised both locally and nationally as a leader within their field. Headquartered north of the river in Perth, this organisation has operations across Perth metropolitan and regional
 areas promoting a stable working environment and excellent staff culture.
Description
This role will see you working across both companies existing applications and new green fields projects. This will encompass integrating 3rd party off the shelf products into their existing systems, developing new applications and the continuous development
 of their existing systems. You will operate across the business in a multi-facet role reporting to both the I.T Manager and Head of Project Management. You will also expected to apply your talents to reviewing all development projects and analyse what has
 occurred, making assessments and providing improved solutions where necessary. You will need to be able manage your workload across each project and providing planning for the outline of future projects.





Profile
You will need to show evidence of your drive and imitative working in a similar type of role. Someone who isn't afraid to deal with strict deadlines and make key recommendations. Furthermore you must have the follow:

3-5 years of experience using JavaExperienced using Oracle Reports, Oracle Forms, and Oracle databasesCommercial knowledge using HTML5, JavaScript, Angular JS, and CSSStrong communication skills with prior experience interacting with technical and non-technical stakeholders
Job Offer

On-Site ParkingGreat company cultureExciting blend of new and existing application development
To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact James Cowe on +618 9215 9517.Senior Java Developer
      
      
An opportunity you're really excited by
RXP are already flying in 2017.   Growth is our focus this year, which is driving a range of exciting project opportunities across a variety of our client environments.  
 
A position suited to your skills and experience
You are an ambitious Senior Java Developer who demonstrates exceptional experience across a variety of Java development projects. You thrive in challenging environments and show a strong keenness to assist clients achieve positive business outcomes using
 leading edge technology.
 
You wake up energised with a keenness to:

Understand functional requirements Write quality, high level technical designs Utilise your Java skills; follow best practice  Provide quick resolution to defects 
Key technical skills:

Experience with Java/JEE applications Strong Java development background - Spring, Hibernate, Grails and JPA Rest Services experience across frontend, backend, integration  CSS, HTML5, Javascript Agile experience preferred 
A workplace culture that encourages your growth, celebrates diversity and equality
You will be part of a larger team and immersed in a culture that takes pride in exceeding customer expectations and delivering excellence. You'll work on shaping digital and technology solutions for well-known brands.  You will help improve the way
 our clients operate by delivering compelling business and technical experiences for their customers. Join RXP and be part of a society that values creative thinking and fosters industry leaders who want to be the best version of themselves.

About RXP
RXP Services (ASX: RXP) is a digital technology Consulting firm that delivers award-winning services and solutions to Australia's leading brands. We continue our rapid growth journey and now employ over 750 staff across our Australian and Hong Kong
 offices. Learn more about us: www.rxpservices.comDevelopment Manager |AWS|Big Data|API|Microservices
      
      

CBD Location Excellent Career Opportunity Hot technical stack
My client are a leading media analytics provider with a state of the art technical stack including all the hot buzz words. Think AWS, Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Pig, Storm, Kafka, Kinesis, Docker, Kubernetes, MEAN stack, Machine Learning platforms.
If you are a polyglot developer with experience with a combination of the following technologies Java, Python, Scala, Javascript (particularly Angular or node), with solid AWS knowledge and experience, this role is a great fit for you. If you have Big Data,
 containerisation or Machine Learning you will love this role.
This role will present a unique opportunity to remain hands-on while working with a team of like-minded and technically strong developers.
Requirements

Polyglot development experience with Java, Python, JavaScript or similar
Architecture experience in an AWS cloud environments trong Knowledge of CI/CD methodologies and tools Previous experience in a hands-on Development Manager or Lead role 
Extensive Microservices Architecture experience Big data exposure to Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Pig or Storm Experience with Kafka, ELK, LAMP desired Kubernetes experience highly regarded Reverse proxy, web server, security practices, REST/SOAP, UML experience 
Distributed search framework experience with ElasticSearch Solr an advantage
If this sounds like the right role for you, don't delay, apply today!.NET C# Developer | SYDNEY | Permanent
      
      
        .NET C# Developer
        
        $80-110K Base + super
        
        SYDNEY, CBD
        
      
      

Company Summary


ASX listed company with global reachConsistently growing / scaling outTop performing cultureOutstanding career growth opportunitiesModern technology development ecosystemOutgoing / Sociable teamsState-of-the-art CBD offices


Role Summary


Desktop and Web application buildsResponsive / mobile developmentGet involved with their Greenfield projectsEnhancements / Maintenance of existing of multi-tier applicationsDatabase design & development


Required Skills & Experience



Development utilizing .NET (4.5), C#. MVCJavaScript / AngularJS highly regardedSQL Server 
Web API

SQL ServerAWS or Azure highly beneficialAGILE / Scrum / TDD practicesClear and effective communication & interpersonal styleHigh attention to detailTeam player - Sociable characteristicsGenuine passion for software & web engineering and evolving technologies


If you are interested in this position, please apply today with an updated & relevant resume. Thank you.



      
       Interested in advice on everything career, recruitment and work-life
        balance related? Check out our blog: www.roberthalf.com.au/blog 
      
        . 
        Apply through email by clicking the 
        'Apply Now' button below.Senior FED | Knockout | Transition to React
      
      Our client, who are based in central Brisbane pride themselves on being one of the best development studios and have visions to go global. They are seeking an enthusiastic, senior front-end developer to fill a crucial role within their business. You will
 be seeing out the development of their first generation application and will be making the transition over to their new application utilising React.

Requirements: 

5 + years in a front-end development role 2 + Years developing in HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript Strong working knowledge of KnockoutJS Ability to develop reusable code and libraries Strong ability to pick up and learn new technical skills 
Bonus Requirements:

Experience developing in ReactJs or willing learn it Diploma/Bachelor in computer science or related field Github account - showcase your code 
If you're a senior fed with looking for your next opportunity, hit apply now. This is an incredible opportunity to work with an amazing company, use the latest tech and a great way to progress your career. Call Rainbird now on 04747010279!Senior Technical Consultant
      
      
(Please note only Australian Citizens are eligible to apply for this role with a current NV1 minimum Government Security Clearance)
This is a permanent employment opportunity in Canberra!
One of our private clients are currently in need of a solid Technical / Software Consultant for a new permanent opportunity.
Your new company is a multi-award winning global organisation and has office across the globe. This opportunity is with their Canberra, ACT office.
You will be reporting to the the Managing Director for Australia. You will be responsible for delivering technical consultancy services to support the deployment and use of our client's software’s suite of products.
You will be required to engage directly with end-users, interpret requirements and then participate in creating, testing, documenting and delivering customised applications to the client.
To be successful for this role, you will have excellent demonstrated SQL Server programming skills (Transact-SQL). You will utilise established development tools, guidelines and conventions including but not limited to ASP.NET, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, VB/VBA
 and C#/VB.NET.
Experience with Client/Server as well as Web Platforms will be highly regarded. Previous experience as a Technical Consultant or Software Engineer will definitely get you bonus points.
This is a highly challenging role and previous client facing / stakeholder management experience will be highly regarded.
You will be extremely energetic, a self-starter, well presentable and have solid customer facing attributes.
Like to know more?
To submit your application, in strict confidence, please apply online using the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact
Amber Cummings in our Canberra office on (02) 6229 1541, quoting
Ref No. 1B/08680.
Your interest will be treated in the strictest of confidence.

For any queries regarding Security Clearances, please refer to the following link;
http://www.defence.gov.au/AGSVA/Getting-a-clearance.aspTechnical Lead Developer
      
      

Technical Lead Developer

Suncorp has changed its operating model to give our customers highly valued experiences where they can access any product, any brand via any channel. Our commitment to our people has spurred a culture where
 leaders are empowered to make decisions and people are able to succeed in a supportive environment that rewards achievement. Combined with a diversified mix of businesses, Suncorp provides a broad range of career development opportunities across an array of
 business areas.

We are currently looking for a
Technical Lead Developer – Policy & Pricing to join our Technology, Data & Labs (TDL) function. Policy & Pricing Technology is a high impact area responsible for the core policy & pricing administration platforms that drive the bulk of the
 revenue for Suncorp's insurance business. As a Tech Lead you will have experience with decision making capabilities on technical architecture and solution design. You will have been exposed to large enterprise systems (preferably insurance) and have proven
 track record on middle ware integration. You are a person who is always looking ahead and ensuring your solutions fit in the bigger picture and the long-term strategy and able to mentor and support software engineers in the team. You have a deep understanding
 of REST and how the server-side API needs to be designed for efficiency throughout the project phases.

Key accountabilities of the role

Proactively identify and create proposals for technology improvements.
Contribute to design and implementation of Technology Strategies.
Work collaboratively with project team to deliver technical design and implement solutions to meet business requirements
Contribute to the development of the Technology Roadmap.
Proactively provide technical guidance and mentoring.
Provide technical leadership in DevOps practices.
Provide input to estimates of resource effort requirements for workload planning activities
Contribute to continuous improvement and the adoption of best practices particularly in Agile practices
Provide advice and guidance to management, business and technical staff relating to Solutions using the domain or technology.
Provide guidance and feedback for delivery teams to implement best practices and operational requirements such as high availability, disaster recovery and security compliance.
Identify value opportunities to exploit the domain or technology for maximum business effectiveness


The ideal candidate will have the following

Strong Java backend experience (Spring and Spring Boot)
Strong AWS development experience (EC2, ELB, Kinesis, S3, Lambda, RDS)
DevOps experience (AWS, Ansible and Jenkins)
Streaming platforms experience (Kafka, Kinesis)
Relational and NoSQL databases experience
A highly proficient problem solver.
Pro-actively improve client side performance.
Mentoring/coaching others in the team and domain
Advanced knowledge of Agile development methodologies
Extensive experience in leading teams in understand and implementing high value features and requirements
Proven track record with RequireJS/CommonJS modules.
Experience proven in Jasmine/Karma or a similar unit/functional testing framework.
Experience with modern workflow tools such as Yeoman
Solid understanding of the full web technology stack (e.g HTTP, cookies, headers, asset loading/caching)
Proven record with Node.js and Javascript task runners (Grunt.js, Gulp.js)


Culture & Benefits

This is a place where you can make a difference in our customer's lives through the work you do. We are down-to-earth and open, and our focus is firmly on what you do, not when and where you work.

Opportunity to grow your career in a top 20 ASX listed company.
Competitive remuneration and employee benefits including discounts on Suncorp insurance, banking and health products.
Access to a range of flexible ways of working.

Please apply Online or for a discussion on the role contact
phillip.jarratt@suncorp.com.au in the recruitment team.

Techical Lead Developer PD.docxFront End Web Developer
      
      
        Front End Web developer
        
        $80,000 - $100,000 + super
        
        Sydney
        
      
      
The Company
Online Australian company with a growing team. Focused on technology and keeping up-to-date. Great management style and collaborative team. Company is full of employees who love technology and love coding, and are able to take that passion and apply it to
 their work.


The Job
Work with existing development team to deliver large scale project.
Innovative Company. Professional and personal development opportunities.
.





Your Profile

Technical requirementsReactNodeJavaScriptAngularJSHTML5 / CSS3 / JQuerySEO beneficial
The ideal candidate will have worked in a financial environment and have knowledge of high transactional customer facing websites.

You must have impeccable communication abilities to keep everyone on the same page and the projects moving along.

A great attitude is crucial to this position, as the company is filled with hard workers who really enjoy what they do.

Apply Today
Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button. Your application will be assessed within 3 working days. Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.
Learn more about our Sydney recruitment services: https://www.roberthalf.com.au/recruitment-agency-sydney



      
       Interested in advice on everything career, recruitment and work-life
        balance related? Check out our blog: www.roberthalf.com.au/blog 
      
        . 
        Apply through email by clicking the 
        'Apply Now' button below.Application Support Engineer
      
      
Roles and Responsibility:

Provide remote 2nd and 3rd level technology support to users and computers across Australia.Work collaboratively with other IT teams (e.g. Technology Services, Applications Development and Support, Business Analysis, PMO and Service Desk) to provide quality support services for current and future business systems and IT infrastructures.Microsoft knowledge - Server Log in/Schedules/ Errors.Solid understanding of the financial markets/sector and financial applications.Application support and database support.Solid understand of dev - ops applications and the ability to source and manipulate code.Strong knowledge and experience of the ITIL process
Skills Required:

Logging all contacts (feedback, incidents, requests for service & request for information) received via telephone, email, internet and fax.Managing and updating knowledge documents.Providing 2 - 3rd level support to users particularly the senior management.Work closely with the development team to resolve any escalated issues. Act as first point of contact for the devops team before issues are escalated.3-5 years Desktop/application/dev support experienceHigh level of proven customer service skillKnowledge and experience working within a Service Desk environmentStrong PC hardware and software support, configuration and troubleshooting skills.Sound technical knowledge of Microsoft Windows desktop environment (competencies in Windows 7 and Office 2010)Sound analytical problem solving skills.Ability to manage multiple problems at once and able to prioritise activities.Strong customer service skills focusing on excellence.Strong focus on achieving and delivering KPI’s, SLT’s and project delivery targetsSelf-motivated and committed to achieving resultsGood time management and organisational skillsResponsible, punctual, friendly and reliablePositive attitude towards problems and difficultiesExcellent listening and communication skills (both written & oral).Ability to work unsupervised and within a team environment.
Desirable:

Experience in supporting a corporate and senior management user base.Some basic knowledge and experience working within an ITIL framework.Some basic technical knowledge of Microsoft Windows server environment.Strong web development i.e Javascript, java and debugging background.Experience in working and supporting a large user base.
Please submit your CV in WORD format.


      
      The reference number for this job is 174963
        . 
        
        Peoplebank is an equal opportunity employer, actively working with our
        clients in achieving their diversity targets. We encourage all
        experienced applicants to apply for this role. 
        
        Please click the "Apply for this job" button belowMid Level Full Stack C# Developer
      
      
FIRESOFT Consulting is a multi-award winning consultancy having been recognised across Australia for excellence in small business and one of Australia's coolest places to work. Our people love working here and that passion really shines
 through when working with you. We're obsessed with shaking things up a bit to make working with a consultancy enjoyable, valuable and specifically tailored to YOU! We understand it can be stressful and challenging while trying to find a new job or build a
 team so we're here to be open, honest and transparent through the process; to educate you and support you as much as possible to ensure you're kicking goals - whatever those may be!

Our team plays in the following verticals (contract and permanent) : DevOps | Business Intelligence | Big Data | Analytics | Infrastructure | Engineering | Digital; iOS, Android, Front End Development, Back End Development, UX, UI, Research
 | Project Management | Change Management | AdOps | Service Delivery | 
Get Social with Us! | firesoft.com.au | facebook.com/firesoftconsulting |twitter.com/Firesoft_IT | linkedin.com/company/2596181/

This an exciting opportunity for a successful startup that is progressing it's digital offering on a daily basis. They are in need of a talented Full Stack C# developer to join their team as soon as possible. They are looking for a talented Developer, not a
 code monkey. If you feel like you have a creative approach to development then I think this is potentially the next role for you. The team is energetic, agile, fun and pretty social.

The role is for a C# Developer that is passionate about technology. We don’t want you to pump out code, we need a candidate that loves to simplify code solutions. A candidate that’s most interested in cutting sleek code, minimizing the complexity and minimizing
 the need for maintenance.

Required experience:

Design and Development experience on commercial websitesMust have fullstack .Net experienceMust have some .Net architectural knowledgeVery good at developing and maintaining websitesExperience with service-oriented architecturesExperience in working in an agile environment.


Technical experience:

C#SQL Server 2008 and aboveAWSASP.NET (WebForms / MVC)HTML / CSSJavascript, Angular, Node

If you decide to apply please click the “apply now” button below. To keep up to date on DevOps feel free to join DevOps APAC on Linkedin. https://goo.gl/MGkYOs
https://twitter.com/DevOps_RecGraduate Software Developer
        
        
 
Internet Software Solutions for Finance & Mortgage Industries
NextGen.Net is Australia's leading technology service provider to the lending industry. Delivered as Software as a Service (SaaS), we provide automated workflows, integrated security, document and identity management, loan document production
 and access to third party services across the value chain. Our customers are primarily banks, broker groups and other partners in the mortgage industry.
We currently have a great opportunity for a recent Graduate Software Developer with solid academic accomplishments to join our team of Developers in our
North Sydney office and make their mark.
This is an entry-level position working in an agile team, investigating, directing, and supporting a range of software architectures and development activities.
Your responsibilities will include:

Application development of Software as a Service (SaaS) application Ensure all code is tested as part of development activities Defect investigation and other software maintenance activities Work with mentor to become familiar with NextGen.Net products, development environment, tools and processes
To be considered for this role, you MUST have:

An Undergraduate Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology (software), Computer Engineering or equivalent Engineering degree
Strong academic results (Credit average or above) Well developed communication skills (written and verbal) Experience (commercial or at University) with any of the following object oriented development languages: (Java, JavaScript, C#)
Demonstrable skills through university results and projects.
If you have skills and experience in the following areas it would be highly
desirable:

Understanding of functional and object oriented programming paradigms Experience with JavaScript Frameworks including AngularJS, React and JQuery Theoretical or practical experience with XML or JSON Experience in the use of relational databases and SQL scripting An understanding and practical experience in testing code (unit testing).
Naturally, you will possess the ability to work independently and as a member of a team, and be able to meet and maintain deadlines. You will also demonstrate a willingness to develop and learn new skills as required in new technology areas.
You will gain practical experience in leading edge solutions. Our senior staff will provide one-on-one mentoring to help you apply your talents to real world development challenges.
This is a unique and exciting opportunity to work with a leading Australian technology provider. Successful candidates will work on exciting challenges and be given the opportunity to grow professionally within the organisation as their career develops.
To apply for this position please send us your:
1. RESUME
2. COVER LETTER describing your interest and suitability for this position
3. A copy of your ACADEMIC TRANSCRIPT
AUSTRALIAN PERMANENT RESIDENCY IS REQUIRED. 
We would like to thank you in advance for taking the time to apply and inform you that only successful candidates that meet the above criteria will be contacted..Net/MVC Web Developer (6 Month Contract)
    
    
.Net/MVC Web Developer required for a 3-6 month contract working on a large banking project in the Sydney CBD.

You will play a key role on an initial banking project and, while the initial contract is 3-6 months, there is a very good chance that the contract will extend or could potentially become a permanent role.

This company has an excellent company environment, and will give you the opportunity to work on some great web projects for their excellent clients, which include major players across the banking and finance, healthcare, media and retail industries. 

You will need the following skills and experience:

3+ years experience developing public facing websites using the .Net Framework
ASP.Net MVC, C#, SQL Server, Entity Framework, WebAPI HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (Angularjs well regarded) Agile development environments Excellent communication skills
My client is looking to interview next week and ideally start within the next 2 weeks.

 

Please apply via Seek, or call Leo on 02 9103 8311 to discuss this opportunity further
 
 


    
    www.2xmtechnology.com.auTechnical Lead Developer
      
      

Technical Lead Developer

Suncorp has changed its operating model to give our customers highly valued experiences where they can access any product, any brand via any channel. Our commitment to our people has spurred a culture where
 leaders are empowered to make decisions and people are able to succeed in a supportive environment that rewards achievement. Combined with a diversified mix of businesses, Suncorp provides a broad range of career development opportunities across an array of
 business areas.

We are currently looking for a
Technical Lead Developer – Policy & Pricing to join our Technology, Data & Labs (TDL) function. Policy & Pricing Technology is a high impact area responsible for the core policy & pricing administration platforms that drive the bulk of the
 revenue for Suncorp's insurance business. As a Tech Lead you will have experience with decision making capabilities on technical architecture and solution design. You will have been exposed to large enterprise systems (preferably insurance) and have proven
 track record on middle ware integration. You are a person who is always looking ahead and ensuring your solutions fit in the bigger picture and the long-term strategy and able to mentor and support software engineers in the team. You have a deep understanding
 of REST and how the server-side API needs to be designed for efficiency throughout the project phases.

Key accountabilities of the role

Proactively identify and create proposals for technology improvements.
Contribute to design and implementation of Technology Strategies.
Work collaboratively with project team to deliver technical design and implement solutions to meet business requirements
Contribute to the development of the Technology Roadmap.
Proactively provide technical guidance and mentoring.
Provide technical leadership in DevOps practices.
Provide input to estimates of resource effort requirements for workload planning activities
Contribute to continuous improvement and the adoption of best practices particularly in Agile practices
Provide advice and guidance to management, business and technical staff relating to Solutions using the domain or technology.
Provide guidance and feedback for delivery teams to implement best practices and operational requirements such as high availability, disaster recovery and security compliance.
Identify value opportunities to exploit the domain or technology for maximum business effectiveness


The ideal candidate will have the following

Strong Java backend experience (Spring and Spring Boot)
Strong AWS development experience (EC2, ELB, Kinesis, S3, Lambda, RDS)
DevOps experience (AWS, Ansible and Jenkins)
Streaming platforms experience (Kafka, Kinesis)
Relational and NoSQL databases experience
A highly proficient problem solver.
Pro-actively improve client side performance.
Mentoring/coaching others in the team and domain
Advanced knowledge of Agile development methodologies
Extensive experience in leading teams in understand and implementing high value features and requirements
Proven track record with RequireJS/CommonJS modules.
Experience proven in Jasmine/Karma or a similar unit/functional testing framework.
Experience with modern workflow tools such as Yeoman
Solid understanding of the full web technology stack (e.g HTTP, cookies, headers, asset loading/caching)
Proven record with Node.js and Javascript task runners (Grunt.js, Gulp.js)


Culture & Benefits

This is a place where you can make a difference in our customer's lives through the work you do. We are down-to-earth and open, and our focus is firmly on what you do, not when and where you work.

Opportunity to grow your career in a top 20 ASX listed company.
Competitive remuneration and employee benefits including discounts on Suncorp insurance, banking and health products.
Access to a range of flexible ways of working.

Please apply Online or for a discussion on the role contact
phillip.jarratt@suncorp.com.au in the recruitment team.

Techical Lead Developer PD.docx,Senior .NET Developer - Sitecore CMS - Leading Media Business
      
       My client, are a leading digital media business with a fantastic roster of exciting greenfield projects, including a cutting edge MVC platform builds and highly trafficked e-commerce build, powered with Sitecore.

This is an great opportunity for a talented senior .NET developer, with a strong understanding of the Sitecore Content Management System (CMS) - Happy to consider experience in Kentico / DNN / Umbraco.

Full stack ASP.NET through to front end - HTML, CSS & Javascript would be an ideal skill set. There is training provided and a number of projects are involving React.JS on the front end.

  Key Skills & Experience: 

5+ years' experience across the Microsoft stack C# & ASP.NET 
A solid understanding of NET specific Content Management Systems - Sitecore ideally. Will Consider Umbraco / Kentico Knowledge 
Strong Understanding of front end - HTML, CSS, Javascript, Jquery. 
Nice to haves: MVC frameworks & JS frameworks (Angular2 / React.js)
Enthusiastic and a team player with great communication skills! Enjoys being involved in fun social events. 
This is a great opportunity for a great senior .NET CMS developer to join an exciting business building innovative greenfield applications..


To find out more, please send your CV to: ds@limelightpeople.com.au or 
call: 0411 475 109
      
      David Steven
02 8458 2626
      
      Web: limelightpeople.com.au
        Email: jobs@limelightpeople.com.auSharePoint Lead Developer, CBD Sydney, Partner 
      
      SharePoint Lead Developer, CBD Sydney, Partner 

My client is a rapidly growing Microsoft SharePoint partner, currently seeking a SharePoint Developer to work as Lead / Senior Developer. This client is also willing to consider Technical Consultants that are still willing to be part of the hands on development
 team.

My client handle multiple large scale projects across Sydney and Brisbane. They are currently seeking candidates experienced with SharePoint 2013 and 2016 to join their competitive team in Sydney CBD area. This is a unique opportunity with a prestigious SharePoint
 partner and they have potential for long term career progression into the Azure space.

The right candidate will have strong development background in SharePoint projects as well as high level leadership / Senior experience on SP 2010, 2013 or 2016 projects. If you are looking to develop in the consultancy space and have the technical background
 required, this is a role not to be missed.

The successful candidate will:

●Be able to demonstrate experience with SharePoint Development
●Microsoft SharePoint certifications preferred 
●Strong programming language skills like C#, .NET, JavaScript, CSS, InfoPath 

What’s on offer 

*Outstanding training and certifications 
*Flexible working hours and locations 
*Forward thinking organisation 

If this role sounds exciting to you please don't hesitate to contact me immediately

Apply by contacting me at m.lumb@nigelfrank.com or contact Matthew Lumb 03 9088 3725


Nigel Frank International is the Leading global Microsoft recruitment company, advertising more Microsoft SharePoint jobs than any other agency. We deal with both Microsoft Partners & end users throughout the world. By specializing solely on placing candidates
 to Microsoft SharePoint we have built up important relationships with key employers in the Australia and throughout, and we have a unrivaled understanding of where the best opportunities and Microsoft SharePoint jobs are.

SharePoint / MS SharePoint / SharePoint 2013 / SharePoint 2016 / SharePoint 2010 / Developer / Development / Senior developer / Lead Developer /



Nigel Frank International is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.Digital Analytics Developer / Implementation Manager
        
        
Bankwest people are guided by a passion for putting our customers at the heart of everything we do. We are proud of our fun and inclusive culture and enjoyable working environment.
We offer interesting and challenging work across a broad range of roles in our Head office in Perth and across Australia. We are looking for people who are powered by real opportunities
 to grow their career, people who want to impact our business, people who share our passion for our customer and people who thrive in a positive and collaborative team environment.
We promote flexibility to balance your work and home life and ensure you achieve your career goals and personal needs. Making a difference in the community is important to Bankwest and colleagues
 have the opportunity to volunteer two days per year for a cause that matters to them.

What is the opportunity?
The Digital Analytics team is part of Bankwest Digital team. The team has a broad mandate to support the evolution of the bank's public websites, online banking
 and mobile apps using data. As Bankwest's Personal and Business customers increasingly interact with the bank digitally there is a growing need for actionable insights to drive product and investment decision about new capabilities. Joining the Digital Analytics
 team you will participate in design and code reviews, documentation of design, and implementation of methodologies to ensure the highest quality software. You will implement and maintain digital data layer to standardise and distribute data to Bankwest systems.
 You will be the lead point of contact for our Tag Management platform.
What will you do?

Work with stakeholders to understand their business objectives and translate into analytics integration and technology strategy and requirements
Provide technical support to internal stakeholders around analytics tagging, data validation and data integration
Using the Digital Measurement Framework as guide, oversee the implementation and usage of the Digital Analytics Platform to collect data required by Product Owners,
 LOBs and other stakeholders Define analytics Quality Assurance and testing activities to ensure accurate and efficient data collection
Administer Adobe Tag Management System for Bankwest digital properties
Validate and debug analytics implementation issues
Setup and maintain multiple tag management and analytics accounts to drive efficient solutions
Guide key stakeholders in the appropriate implementation and validation of new tagging requirements and fixes, and ensure existing tracking remains intact
Pilot and implement new functionality on Bankwest's digital properties
Act as key technical support for internal users of Tag Management System and Digital Analytics Platform, troubleshooting and dealing with Vendor Support teams
 when required 
What do you need to succeed?
Must-have

3-5 years front end web development experience (JavaScript, CSS, HTML)
Experience implementing web analytics tools such as Adobe Analytics, SiteCatalyst/Omniture/Adobe Marketing Cloud, Google Analytics Premium/360 or Webtrends
Experience with Tag Management tools such as Adobe Dynamic Tag Manager (DTM), Ensighten, Tealium or Google Tag Manager
Familiarity with front end SPA frameworks such as Angular and React preferred
Deep understanding of the DOM and the page loading lifecycle (familiar with synchronous versus asynchronous loading)
Deep understanding of HTTP and Web APIs (consuming REST and SOAP APIs)
Excellent interpersonal, presentation, and time management skills
High energy individual who can drive change and manage multiple implementation projects
Enjoys collaborating with other team members and stakeholders

What's in it for you?

Work for a leading WA brand
Great Team and Culture
Activity based working environment
Work closely with the biggest IT shop in Perth

Ongoing training and development across the Adobe Marketing Cloud

Ongoing career development and opportunity to grow and change within am expanding business area

If you need the above role requirements and feel this is the next step in your career please apply online today.Full Stack Developer
      
       
My client, an expanding start up, are on the hunt for a experienced full stack developer for a 3-6 month contract.

This is a great opportunity for a talented mid level developer, to join a team of .NET developers and hone their skills. 

This opportunity will have you operating across key web platform build projects. Primarily end to end full stack development. ASP.NET through to front end - HTML, Angular.JS, CSS & Javascript. 

This role will have you taking ownership of key projects, yet collaborate with other like minded individuals to find solutions to problems. 

Qualifications

Minimum 5 years' experience working commercially through the SDLC delivering software products to market.
Strong understanding of the software development cycle (especially iterative and agile)
Experience with SaaS and/or cloud based applications. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field preferred 
  Current Platform Requirements/Current Technology

C#, .NET Framework (min 4.5), VS 2015 HTML5, CSS3 NET MVC 5, Web API 2, RESTful API Modular, Object Oriented, Test-driven JavaScript jQuery AngularJS (preferable 2)/ Any other JavaScript MVC frameworks Bootstrap or Similar UI frameworks like Semantic UI, Pure, Gumby Experience consuming REST APIs from JS Clients Experience working with OAuth2 and OpenID Connect   

Keen to speak to candidates with Payments Development Experience and working knowledge with SQL Databases.  APPLY ONLINE TODAY
for further information.
      
      Kate
0413194749
      
      Web: limelightpeople.com.au
        Email: jobs@limelightpeople.com.auWeb Marketing ROI is a fast-growth industry respected digital marketing agency located in South Yarra with an unusual level of design, UX and technical excellence.
With a fanatical focus on client results and using design as a tool for better commercial results, we're proud to be Melbourne's #1 conversion rate optimisation agency. Our current clients include well-known Australian and international brands in travel,
 online gambling, fashion, retail, FMCG, E-Commerce and energy (and you'll get the chance to be exposed to client work).
The ideal candidate for this role should:

Be an outstanding designer (we'll want to see your portfolio); Be a natural quick learner - able to pick up new technologies and concepts quickly and easily (digital and tech excellence is adapt or die); 
Good all-round fundamental/basic skills/understanding of HTML5 and CSS; Basic knowledge of SQL, JavaScript, jQuery and WordPress; Have a strong interest in furthering your UX skills and an innate natural curiosity for understanding Interaction Design, Usability;
Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign (... and maybe even Sketch) should come to you naturally. It's essential that you're comfortable working in a fast-paced (startup-style) environment and like challenges.
Bonus points if:

You are fanatical about doing quality work You are solutions oriented, can think outside and the box and you're hungry to learn new skills
You have a strong attention to tail You are a dedicated and flexible team member, committed to excellence (if you expect to always be out the door at 5pm on the dot, this may not be the organisation/culture for you)
Why you should strongly consider working at Web Marketing ROI (rather than another opportunity):

You will never be bored You will get exposure to some of the biggest and most impressive/well known brands in Australia and globally
We take professional development really seriously - all team members are encouraged (and sometimes even required) to ensure they have the latest and greatest certifications (paid for by us)
You'll be able to work along some of the brightest technical and creative minds you've ever worked along side
You'll get complimentary access to some of the best training and learning resources available, in physical and electronic format (Sitepoint)
You'll have the opportunity to develop your personal brand, resume and profile within Web Marketing ROI, demonstrating your technical and creative excellence both via client work and participation in leading design publications 
You'll be given a company MacBook Air as a signing bonus when you begin Opportunities for paid travel aboard to relevant conferences and conventions and occasionally some fun and tasty team dinners!
If you'd like to explore the opportunity, apply today and be sure to include a link to your personal portfolio online and why you think you might be an exceptional addition to the Web Marketing ROI team.

        
        
          Whilst we appreciate your enthusiasm, we'll be accepting no unsolicited phone calls to discuss this position prior to reviewing your applications.Senior Front End Engineer
        
        We are currently seeking all the buzz words. 


Angular, React, Node, ES6, Typescript 


If you recognise any of these words then your probably not looking for opportunities, because every person in Brisbane that's job title finishes in 'er' has already approached you for the 500 other possibilities available.

So rather than throwing a shopping list at you in the hope we can day trade on some keywords, we want to have a conversation about this company on the off chance you are looking.


Why would you want to work for this company? Well, I will cut to the chase and give you some reasons.


They Ship Stuff - They are a startup that has a market validated. The product that is monetized and used globally.
Funding. They have it. Don't expect the 'we are interviewing people while we wait for their next round of cash'. The investment is in the bank; the product validated and their product roadmap is clear. If you are good, they will hire you
 quickly and will have plenty of work for you to do.  Leadership - You will be working with a Dev Manager who has done the hard yards, used to work for some huge companies, has the battle scars, picked up the soft skills and has earned his right to step away from the tools.
Technical Leadership - But that doesn't mean they have. This manager actively gets involved in rolling up sleeves, learning new tech and supporting the team in the clutch (you can currently find them elbow deep in Ansible at the moment).
Culture - This is a brogrammer free zone. Your working in a startup environment but with adults given the freedom to focus on being who they want to contribute in different ways and live their best lives. Want to go for a beer with the
 team... great, want to head home and see the kids..good idea. Want to stay back and code, go for it. 
They invest in Technology - They have built a successful platform that works well but are not sitting there waiting for it to become a legacy platform. They are using a React in the Front End using SASS and LESS as well using a mix of Java
 & Scala in the backend. They don't need experts in this but want people who are capable of transferring their practical experience and skills and who can stay on the front foot and always keep on the front foot. 
Rewards - They pay on and above market for the right people. Their rewards and benefits extend beyond just salary and focus on a range of things to make your life their both enjoyable and meaningful. 

If you're an experienced Front End Engineer who is keen to stretch and want to do it somewhere, that is going places, and you have ample demonstratable commercial experience in modern JavaScript frameworks and more importantly a passion for it then this
 could be the role for you.

If this sounds of interest get in touch. Know anyone who is suitable? We offer $1000 for a successful referral. 

Interested? Call Aaron on 0408 966 944 to discuss.


        
        Aaron Thomas
0408 966 944Full Stack Java Developer
      
      
A large financial services company is currently seeking a Full Stack Java Developer to join them on a permanent basis in Sydney CBD.

I am currently recruiting for a leading Financial services Client who have set up a new Fintech business and require a number of Java Developers to join the business. Based in the Sydney CBD, they are looking for  full stack Java Developers who are strong
 in JVM languages and have some knowledge or experience with groovy / grails. Other skills include core java experience with Web development and good spring / hibernate experience coming from DB backed application background.

To be successful in this role: 

Qualified to degree level (2:1 or above) Excellent Java experience Groovy and Grails in a commercial environment Knowledge or experience of planning and implementing technologies using Agile development processes such as SCRUM, TDD
A background in building JVM based applications at scale Full stack Java capability Knowledge and demonstrable experience of JavaScript frameworks, e.g. JQuery, AngularJS
Demonstrable ability to deliver high quality products to sometimes challenging timescales
Organised, delivery focused and analytical Effective communicator with business customers at all levels including Senior Management
Team player Ability to deal with non-standard requests/work, often at short notice 
Technology stack includes: 

YUI, HTML5, CSS3 Grails Groovy RabbitMQ MySQL Restful APIs DropWizard AWS 
Is this you?! APPLY NOW!! 
 
SK921664AMid - Senior .NET Developer | Sydney | .NET Core
        
        

​​​​​​2016 Finalist "Employer of the Year" B&T Awards 2015 & 2014 Winner - "Digital Agency of the Year" B&T Awards Excellent remuneration, amazing working environment & agency culture Working on fun and innovative projects for some of Australia's leading brands
Adrenalin are one of Sydney's leading digital agencies and we're on the hunt for a Senior .NET Developer that shares the same passion for producing exceptional work. With a strong attention for quality and ability to think outside the box, the role offers
 you the opportunity to work on several mid to large projects. Your role will work closely with the Creative, Front End and Development teams to deliver projects to specification. Furthermore, this role offers you the ability to expand your experience while
 working on some challenging and exciting technologies.
Along with a fantastic, fun & creative work environment, Adrenalin promotes an innovative culture as well as necessary training to further progress your career and personal "brand" within the industry.
To be successful you will have:

4+ years commercial experience Strong web development skills using .NET framework 4.5, 4.6 and .NET Core. C#, ASP.NET Webform, ASP.NET MVC, Entity Framework, JavaScript - jQuery, Git and JIRA,
Experience in Kentico or Sitecore CMS based projects and platforms Experience developing and managing ecommerce websites Strong skills using MSSQL and understand maintenance plan Understand design patterns and best practice ReactJs/AngularJs/VueJs is a plus Prior experience in an agency environment is beneficial Good understanding of Windows Server, SQL Server and Microsoft based hosting environments is also required
Excellent communication and documentation skills
Your key responsibilities will include:

Working with some of Australia's leading brands on a variety of digital projects including responsive websites, interactive campaigns, mobile applications and more.
Collaborating with various teams on solution design and technical specifications
Working closely with the Creative and Front End teams for the integration of complex back end systems with the presentation layer
Planning your day to day work by defining tasks, functional/technical specification, and estimates as well as working towards a quality deliverable while adhering to overall project scope
Working with relevant teams to ensure the quality and integrity of your development is maintained throughout entire project lifecycle
On offer is the opportunity to work in an innovative, fun and social environment. You will have the opportunity to work with a great client portfolio and supportive team culture. We are committed to the career development and ongoing training of our staff.
Benefits:

Excellent remuneration Free holiday day on your birthday Tailored career development planning Professional Training & Courses Flexible working policies The latest in tech to play with Regular off-site social events Relaxed dress-code Fully-stocked bar and office snacks
With a view to start immediately, this role offers a fantastic remuneration package as well as work in a fun, challenging and very rewarding agency environment. Interested candidates, please send in your CV along with a link to your online portfolio and
 we will be in touch soon.
*Recruiters please do not contact or apply.Principal Architect
      
      Our client is fastest-growing digital agency in Australia that deliver unique customer experiences across every digital touchpoint that include but not limited to strategy, data, creative, user experience, technical implementation, systems integration,
 quality assurance and other disciplines. 

You will be principal architect for a team of 40+ engineers that is responsible for developing several key platform components and products for the clients.

What will you be doing:

Results-focus and strong inspirational leader who can effectively collaborate with the multiple business function to provide technical presentations and solution consultation.Help make right technology choices for implementing solutions. Conduct alternative analysis for technology selection or build v/s buy decisions and present to clients.Lead the consultative discovery of the client's business goals, objectives, and challenges and then translate them into effective software solutions.
What You'll Need to Succeed:

8+ years in software development, solution architecture, design, and/or delivery, with large project or product management experience a plus.Solid hands-on experience within ASP.NET, C#, SQL, Javascript, HTML, etc.Platforms / frameworks experience: ASP.NET (MVC & Webforms), Sitecore, Umbraco, Commerce Server, Selenium, JMeter, Nuget, EF, enterprise search frameworks, Powershell, OOP, Backbone, Angular, SMACSS, SASS etc.
If you want to be part of this adventure, click 'apply now' and forward an updated copy of your CV to fuad.alhabshee@talentinternational.com.

Alternatively, please feel free to contact Fuad Al Habshee on 03 9236 7720.If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.Cache Developer
      
      Company
An innovated company who specializes in integrated digital systems to enhance medicine safety for patients, physicians and the pharmaceutical industry, is seeking to hire a Cache developer

Responsibilities:


Refine existing monitoring processes and add new functionality and metrics. Develop and maintain automated maintenance, backup, and monitoring procedures.
Perform and validate all necessary system updates. Ensure system up time and connectivity with all active interface partners 
Essential Requirements: 

CSP development, JavaScript, CSS3 & HTML5 Cache objects ZEN Good communication & presentation skills for interaction with client and senior management. 
Producing Release Notes for Client and maintaining required documentation  Proven history of Liaison with 3rd Parties and the Customer, including agreeing and documenting End User requirements 

This is an opportunity not to be missed and is truly unique!
If this sounds like the role for you then APPLY NOW!
      
      Lisa Roantree
02 8023 5616Digital Analytics Developer / Implementation Manager
        
        
Bankwest people are guided by a passion for putting our customers at the heart of everything we do. We are proud of our fun and inclusive culture and enjoyable working environment.
We offer interesting and challenging work across a broad range of roles in our Head office in Perth and across Australia. We are looking for people who are powered by real opportunities
 to grow their career, people who want to impact our business, people who share our passion for our customer and people who thrive in a positive and collaborative team environment.
We promote flexibility to balance your work and home life and ensure you achieve your career goals and personal needs. Making a difference in the community is important to Bankwest and colleagues
 have the opportunity to volunteer two days per year for a cause that matters to them.

What is the opportunity?
The Digital Analytics team is part of Bankwest Digital team. The team has a broad mandate to support the evolution of the bank's public websites, online banking
 and mobile apps using data. As Bankwest's Personal and Business customers increasingly interact with the bank digitally there is a growing need for actionable insights to drive product and investment decision about new capabilities. Joining the Digital Analytics
 team you will participate in design and code reviews, documentation of design, and implementation of methodologies to ensure the highest quality software. You will implement and maintain digital data layer to standardise and distribute data to Bankwest systems.
 You will be the lead point of contact for our Tag Management platform.
What will you do?

Work with stakeholders to understand their business objectives and translate into analytics integration and technology strategy and requirements
Provide technical support to internal stakeholders around analytics tagging, data validation and data integration
Using the Digital Measurement Framework as guide, oversee the implementation and usage of the Digital Analytics Platform to collect data required by Product Owners,
 LOBs and other stakeholders Define analytics Quality Assurance and testing activities to ensure accurate and efficient data collection
Administer Adobe Tag Management System for Bankwest digital properties
Validate and debug analytics implementation issues
Setup and maintain multiple tag management and analytics accounts to drive efficient solutions
Guide key stakeholders in the appropriate implementation and validation of new tagging requirements and fixes, and ensure existing tracking remains intact
Pilot and implement new functionality on Bankwest's digital properties
Act as key technical support for internal users of Tag Management System and Digital Analytics Platform, troubleshooting and dealing with Vendor Support teams
 when required 
What do you need to succeed?
Must-have

3-5 years front end web development experience (JavaScript, CSS, HTML)
Experience implementing web analytics tools such as Adobe Analytics, SiteCatalyst/Omniture/Adobe Marketing Cloud, Google Analytics Premium/360 or Webtrends
Experience with Tag Management tools such as Adobe Dynamic Tag Manager (DTM), Ensighten, Tealium or Google Tag Manager
Familiarity with front end SPA frameworks such as Angular and React preferred
Deep understanding of the DOM and the page loading lifecycle (familiar with synchronous versus asynchronous loading)
Deep understanding of HTTP and Web APIs (consuming REST and SOAP APIs)
Excellent interpersonal, presentation, and time management skills
High energy individual who can drive change and manage multiple implementation projects
Enjoys collaborating with other team members and stakeholders

What's in it for you?

Work for a leading WA brand
Great Team and Culture
Activity based working environment
Work closely with the biggest IT shop in Perth

Ongoing training and development across the Adobe Marketing Cloud

Ongoing career development and opportunity to grow and change within am expanding business area

If you need the above role requirements and feel this is the next step in your career please apply online today.Senior Software Engineer - Ecommerce
		
		
Central Sydney based role - Working for a fast pace online brand, great career opportunities and an environment where people enjoy turning up to work, pushing the boundaries of their technology stack and creating a platform that is one of the most
 respected in the world.
To be successful in this role you will need exceptional communication skills along with a strong technical skill set in a wide variety of technologies.
Experience working in an e-commerce environment highly regarded but solid online experience is suitable.
Required Skills:

At least 5+ Years software engineering Exerience in PHP5, Javascript, JQuery / CSS MYSQL and SQL Server based environments Ideally experience working in Linux and Windows Server Environments Payment gateway experience / ideally solid e-commerce experience Load balancing Third party application integration experience AGILE experience Strong communication skills are a must
 
If this role sounds like you and you would like more information on the role, please apply today or call Damien on 02 80040274Digital Producer
      
      
      
      
        Excellent daily rate + Super
        
        Innovative, creative and fun working environment
        
        Working on Global Brands
        
      
      DIGITAL PRODUCER
My client is on the hunt for a super star Digital Producer to join their awesome team in a well known Digital Marketing agency.

THE JOB
• Proof, test and send email campaigns
• Work on a range of projects from display advertising campaigns, eDM development and dispatch through to small and medium scale web development projects.
• Liaise with media to confirm specifications and deadlines
• Work with design and technical teams

THE SKILLS
• Two years' agency experience
• Basic understanding of a developer's skill sets and web technologies
• Excellent communication and collaboration skills
• Be able to present confidently to clients
• Ability to manage multiple digital projects concurrently; 
• An understanding of HTML5 banner ad production, as well as knowledge of CSS and JavaScript animation libraries and techniques.
  
YOU!
• Passionate 
• A team Player
• Positive 
• Fun!
 
You will be rewarded with a friendly team-based environment, where all members of the agency work together to achieve great results.


APPLY NOW!

Rach Exton
 0447 592 515

      
      Rachel Exton
0447 592 515
        
        
        Preacta is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and Staffing Agency,
        and we encourage people of all races, sex, age, and disabilities to
        apply for positions both with ourselves and our clients.Digital Analytics Developer / Implementation Manager
        
        
Bankwest people are guided by a passion for putting our customers at the heart of everything we do. We are proud of our fun and inclusive culture and enjoyable working environment.
We offer interesting and challenging work across a broad range of roles in our Head office in Perth and across Australia. We are looking for people who are powered by real opportunities
 to grow their career, people who want to impact our business, people who share our passion for our customer and people who thrive in a positive and collaborative team environment.
We promote flexibility to balance your work and home life and ensure you achieve your career goals and personal needs. Making a difference in the community is important to Bankwest and colleagues
 have the opportunity to volunteer two days per year for a cause that matters to them.

What is the opportunity?
The Digital Analytics team is part of Bankwest Digital team. The team has a broad mandate to support the evolution of the bank's public websites, online banking
 and mobile apps using data. As Bankwest's Personal and Business customers increasingly interact with the bank digitally there is a growing need for actionable insights to drive product and investment decision about new capabilities. Joining the Digital Analytics
 team you will participate in design and code reviews, documentation of design, and implementation of methodologies to ensure the highest quality software. You will implement and maintain digital data layer to standardise and distribute data to Bankwest systems.
 You will be the lead point of contact for our Tag Management platform.
What will you do?

Work with stakeholders to understand their business objectives and translate into analytics integration and technology strategy and requirements
Provide technical support to internal stakeholders around analytics tagging, data validation and data integration
Using the Digital Measurement Framework as guide, oversee the implementation and usage of the Digital Analytics Platform to collect data required by Product Owners,
 LOBs and other stakeholders Define analytics Quality Assurance and testing activities to ensure accurate and efficient data collection
Administer Adobe Tag Management System for Bankwest digital properties
Validate and debug analytics implementation issues
Setup and maintain multiple tag management and analytics accounts to drive efficient solutions
Guide key stakeholders in the appropriate implementation and validation of new tagging requirements and fixes, and ensure existing tracking remains intact
Pilot and implement new functionality on Bankwest's digital properties
Act as key technical support for internal users of Tag Management System and Digital Analytics Platform, troubleshooting and dealing with Vendor Support teams
 when required 
What do you need to succeed?
Must-have

3-5 years front end web development experience (JavaScript, CSS, HTML)
Experience implementing web analytics tools such as Adobe Analytics, SiteCatalyst/Omniture/Adobe Marketing Cloud, Google Analytics Premium/360 or Webtrends
Experience with Tag Management tools such as Adobe Dynamic Tag Manager (DTM), Ensighten, Tealium or Google Tag Manager
Familiarity with front end SPA frameworks such as Angular and React preferred
Deep understanding of the DOM and the page loading lifecycle (familiar with synchronous versus asynchronous loading)
Deep understanding of HTTP and Web APIs (consuming REST and SOAP APIs)
Excellent interpersonal, presentation, and time management skills
High energy individual who can drive change and manage multiple implementation projects
Enjoys collaborating with other team members and stakeholders

What's in it for you?

Work for a leading WA brand
Great Team and Culture
Activity based working environment
Work closely with the biggest IT shop in Perth

Ongoing training and development across the Adobe Marketing Cloud

Ongoing career development and opportunity to grow and change within am expanding business area

If you need the above role requirements and feel this is the next step in your career please apply online today.Front end developer
    
    
My client is looking for a Front-End software engineer to fill a 6 month contract role with a view to extend, this will be Sydney CBD based offering attractive daily rates. We are looking for someone who is motivated to produce elegant, well-tested code.
 Your tasks will include developing the front-end UI for systems to help manage the use of open source software throughout the company.

Responsibilities


Write modular, well-tested, performant Javascript for user-facing features in ESGDA toolsReview Javascript written by colleagues, providing constructive feedback and collaborating with other developersWork with the support team to triage and debug client-side issuesExplain complex topics to a wide range of audiences


Requirements


2+ years working as a software engineer building web applications or services with JavaScript1+ years experience with git version control system

Desirable


Knowledge of testing principles and best practices, unit, functional and integration testing experience.Proficient in HTML, AJAX and web development best practicesExperience with CSS, SASS, LESS, EcmaScript or Typescript.Experience with Node.js, npm and webpack.Experience designing and consuming RESTful web servicesExperience with PythonExperience with MVC frameworks such as Django, Flask, Ruby on Rails, Yesod, backbone.jsExperience using Github
Sthree Australia is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.,Mid Level .Net Developer

New role due to growth with an innovative and rapidly growing organisation building market leading products from waterfront offices in Sydney CBD.

After winning multiple awards over the last 2 years this tech driven company is growing their dev team and require a mid-level developer to join them asap.

To be considered you must be a graduate with 1-2+ years commercial experience as a .Net Developer and have full work rights here in Australia.

Your Experience:

C# ASP.Net  MVC4 or MVC5 Web API Entity Framework SQL Server GIT JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 Unit Testing Agile / JIRA 
Bonus Skills:

Azure Angular, Angular 2 or React Mobile / eCommerce Platforms Xamarin CI / CD 

 
Interviews will take place immediately for suitable mid-level candidates.
        
        
          John Ross
02 8076 4661Senior PHP Developer
      
      
        Permanent PHP Developer position
        
        $110,00 to $130,000 Plus Superannuation 
        
        Technology: PHP, OOP, JavaScript, HTML5, JSON, XML,
        
      
      

The Company
An exciting opportunity for a talented PHP Developer with advanced PHP development skills with Object Oriented Programming to join and lead a team of high tech individuals within an entrepreneurial business environment.

The Role

Developing using PHP as the main technology for web based solutions;Responsible for developing within an Object Oriented Programming environment;Responsible for the development of quality code and end solutions;Styling written in SASS;Reading/Using XML with PHP;


Your Profile
To succeed in this role Senior PHP Developer , you will have the following skills and experience:

Minimum 5 years’ experience working as a PHP DeveloperAdvanced level PHP experience with OOP/MVCProven success in developing solutions within JavaScriptProven commercial experience in HTML5Ability to read/use XML with PHPKnowledge of JSON formatAbility to write up bash scripts and use existing scripts using Linux BashStrong SQL skills, MYSQLExperience leading a team and mentoring other developersExcellent written and verbal communication skills.You must already be based in Perth to be considered for this position.

Apply Today
To apply for the Senior PHP Developer please send your resume by clicking on the apply button. Learn more about our Perth recruitment services: http://www.roberthalf.com.au/recruitment-agency-perth

      
       Interested in advice on everything career, recruitment and work-life
        balance related? Check out our blog: www.roberthalf.com.au/blog 
      
        . 
        Apply through email by clicking the 
        'Apply Now' button below.About us
Gadens is a pre-eminent, independent top 10 Australian law firm with a footprint in the Asia Pacific region. Our 92 partners and 700 staff across our offices in Australia provide clients with innovative and commercial advice - and an outstanding client experience.
 We are repeatedly recognised as a leading legal service provider in the Chambers Asia Pacific and The Legal 500 Asia Pacific legal directories, and many of our partners and special counsel are recognised as leaders in their areas of law.
 
The role
This exciting opportunity is located in either Brisbane or Melbourne where you will join us on a part time basis for a 12 month contract.  You will work closely with the national IT team and the various Partners and staff in the practice groups.  Your role
 will, amongst other things, be to create, maintain and enhance a suite of reports to:

convert business requirements to reporting deliverables assist with dashboard and report generation using appropriate technology ensure consistency with existing standards and branding address non-functional requirements in system design (e.g. availability, browser compatibility, device support, performance, security, auditability)
ensure appropriate test coverage at unit and system level support UAT testing and business sign off provide post implementation support fix, test and release bug fixes and system enhancements in a managed release cycle

 
This role will be on a part time basis working ideally four days per week (but three days per week will also be considered for the right candidate).
 
About you
You will have:

a proven ability to manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously the ability to prioritise workload, manage time and schedule tasks, and be resilient to changing priorities
a proven ability to work autonomously and also be committed to working in a collaborative, team-focused environment 
excellent verbal and written communication skills a can do attitude with a focus on providing a solution a focus on great internal and external customer service 

You will have more than three years of report building and maintenance experience.  Your technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques will be highly regarded. Your strong knowledge of and experience
 with SSRS, SQL databases, programming (XML, JavaScript) will be crucial. You will possess strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organise, analyse and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy. You
 will have strong database query skills and experience using stored procedures, views, functions, QA and testing.  Experience and working knowledge of Microsoft products.
 
www.gadens.comKineo is a market-leader in the elearning industry. We're growing fast and are busy expanding our global presence. Our motto? 'Stirring things up' – we love doing what we do!
Kineo has been providing learning solutions for over ten years, and been part of City & Guilds for almost five. We help the world's leading businesses and organisations improve performance through learning and technology, providing a wide range of world-class
 elearning, consultancy, development and support services. We partner with clients all over the world, with offices in the UK, APAC, South Africa and the US.
Where you come in
As a Junior PHP Developer, you'll be based in Melbourne and work within the APAC Learning Platforms team. You will work directly with a growing number of big name clients who rely on Kineo to support, maintain and extend their Learning Management System.
Our clients are varied and include large blue chip enterprises such as Vodafone, Aldi, Reece and Lotto but also include government departments and public sector customers in both health and education across Australia, New Zealand and Asia.
As part of Kineo, you'll play a vital role working closely with our clients to support and promote customer engagement with our learning platform; Totara.
Role Description
As a Junior PHP Developer you will work within our Client Services team supporting a broad range of implementations and product development initiatives. You will provide direct support to customers to resolve technical issues and provide technical support
 to our Service Desk Agents and Platforms Consultants.
You will have a technical and practical understanding of large open source frameworks such as Totara and Moodle; ideally having at least a years hands on experience. Your domain knowledge will allow you to map customer requirements onto core functionality
 and clearly identify where further feature development may be required.
You will collaborate to ensure that we leverage the best of our collective experience to deliver and share innovation and best practice.
You will manage your workload with a constant focus on positive business outcomes, efficiency, continuous improvement and collaborative cross-team communication, collectively ensuring a market-leading product offer.
Essential Skills
Experience:

Proven experience of commercial PHP development. Experience of working with multi-disciplinary teams. Experience of working to agreed budgets and timescales
Technical Skills

Knowledge PHP based frameworks such as Moodle or/and Totara PHP5 – Intermediate/Expert. MySQL/PostgreSQL – Intermediate/Expert JavaScript/jQuery – Intermediate

XHTML– Intermediate CSS – Good working knowledge 
JSON – Good working knowledge XML – Good working knowledge. Working with version control systems (ideally Git). Experience with (at least) local installations of a LAMP stack The ability to accurately estimate the time required to complete a specific task
Ability to write and interpret clear and concise technical documentation
Personal Skills

Ability to remain calm under pressure Good time management skills and the ability to prioritise tasks Comfortable with collaboration, open communication and reaching across functional borders
Commitment to self-development Commercial awareness. Intelligent approach to identifying and solving problems, with a proactive, tenacious, can-do
attitude and ability to think laterally Flexible attitude and ability to perform under pressure. Good written and verbal communication skills Strong customer focus and mentality
Primary Responsibilities

Monitor and triage inbound service desk tickets Clearly communicate and discuss customer requirements Compare customer requirements against existing functionality and provide clear guidance on how they can better leverage the platform
Explain technical concepts in a manner that is easy to understand for non-technical clients and staff
Development of quality code Identify risk of and test for regression issues Peer code review Identify solutions that can be generalised for use by a range of clients Create and follow test plans Document new solutions as you make them, and existing solutions as you learn about them
Provide accurate work estimatesiOS & Android Mobile App Developer | Sydney
        
        
About the role 
This is an enormous opportunity to join an award-winning team and be part of one of Sydney's most envied digital agency cultures. Working closely with the Creative and Development teams, your key focus will be to develop amazing mobile apps for some of Australia's
 best brands. 
Duties
Your key responsibilities will include:

Collaboratively working with Creative & Development teams Mobile app development on iOS and/or Android platforms Taking on app development projects and being heavily involved in requirements definition, estimation, build, test, deployment and maintenance. 
Actively contributing throughout the project lifecycle to offer solutions to problems, and providing support and guidance within the app development team
Working closely with backend teams to integrate the app with purpose built APIs
Maintaining a culture of innovation through team brainstorming, knowledge sharing and research & development initiatives
Skills & Experience
To be successful you will have:

Commercial app development experience in Objective C/Swift or Java.  Strong interests in cross-platform technology, React Native. (Commercial experience is a plus)
Understand PaaS services such as AWS, Fabric and Firebase. Excellent JavaScript (ES6) knowledge Strong knowledge of Node JS, JWT and JSON Experience in integrating RESTful API Ability to deliver solutions to timelines without sacrificing quality High-attention to detail Excellent communication skills
Culture 
On offer is the opportunity to work in an innovative, fun and social environment. You will have the opportunity to work with a great client portfolio and supportive team culture. We are committed to the career development and ongoing training of our staff.
Benefits 

Excellent remuneration Free holiday day on your birthday Tailored career development planning Professional Training & Courses Flexible working policies The latest in tech to play with Regular off-site social events Relaxed dress-code Fully-stocked bar and office snacks
With a view to start immediately, this role offers a fantastic remuneration package as well as work in a fun, challenging and very rewarding agency environment. Interested candidates, please send in your CV along with a link to your online portfolio and
 we will be in touch soon.We're seeking  Full Stack Java Engineers,  who are forward-thinking problem-solvers for the development and rapid delivery of next-generation platform solutions and prototypes.
 
We're looking for self-starters, those who can work independently with, and across teams. We want you to develop technical knowledge and skills on multiple technology tools & platforms, but we also want you to educate others on the capabilities and constraints
 of what you know.  
 
As a Full Stack Java Engineer, you will be a member of one of their agile product teams and you will participate in the design, coding, testing and delivery of different platforms for different areas of the business.

 
This is a fantastic opportunity to join a  brand where you will have the opportunity to get involved in interesting projects and write code across the whole technology stack from front-end CSS through to application Java to back-end SQL within a microservice
 architecture.


We'd love to talk to you confidentially about these roles if you can bring:-


3 -5 years software development experience including experience building data-driven and analytically intensive application/software modules (e.g. event engines and machine learning)
Experience with JavaScript, HTML / HTML 5, CSS and/or other front end technologies
Experience with modern web frameworks (e.g.: JQuery, AngularJS, ReactJS, Express, Swagger, etc…)
Experience with the full web stack performance optimisation techniques including the front end application, networking stack and web server components
Comprehensive experience with object oriented design and building of backend applications and REST API services using Java or Node.js
Experience designing and developing a service-based architecture and/or micro services
Experience in designing data persistence and caching concepts using both SQL and NoSQL DBMS (e.g.: MySQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, Redis, etc…)
Experience with Serverless technologies (such as AWS Lambda) would be advantages
Enough DevOps experience to setup, configure and maintain your own dev/build environment.
Excellent knowledge of software engineering best practices (e.g. Agile software development, test-driven development, unit testing, zero bug policy, code reviews, design documentation, etc…)
Knowledge of secure coding practices and frameworks (e.g. OWASP) Demonstrated strong analytical and problem-solving skills 


In return, you'll find fast track opportunities to both deepen and broaden your technical skill-set, a flexible working environment and a market leading salary and rewards package.



        
        
          John RossOur client is looking for a talented designer with an eye for cutting-edge digital design. With outstanding UX and UI skills, you can translate their client’s requirements into interaction flows and transform them into functional, intuitive and beautiful
 user interfaces. You have a deep understanding of User Centred Design (UCD), responsive web design, data-driven design principles and the skills to facilitate these approaches.
 
You’re passionate about staying on top of digital trends and have a good understanding of information architecture. You’re adept at identifying, and helping their clients to understand the user’s needs.
 
The Role

Heavy involvement throughout the project lifecycle from discovery and ideation through to delivery (wireframes, prototypes and high fidelity).
Collaborating with developers, project managers, content marketers, technical analysts and stakeholders to deliver the highest quality of output.
Defining and owning process - championing and defining best practices. Mentorship of junior designers. 
Job Requirements

Degree in a design based discipline or equivalent experience. Agency experience preferred. Expert user of industry standard design software (Sketch, Adobe CC, InVision).
Minimum of 3 years commercial experience. 
Key Skills

A good understanding of UX / UI principles and responsive web design. Visual design fundamentals: composition, hierarchy, typography and colour. Skilled in wireframing, rapid prototyping and creating pixel perfect mock-ups.
Ability to facilitate and further develop User Centred Design (UCD) processes.
Ability to confidently present and defend your design rationale and liaise with stakeholders at all levels.
Ambition to grow and develop with technology and the industry. Some exposure to core web technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) 
About You
You get things done. You can swiftly turn an idea into a reality. you know HTML5 and CSS. You've worked with JavaScript a bit but want to know more, having seen how it can positively affect user experience. You're eager to learn new tools, technologies
 or approaches to getting things done. Quality matters to you: quick and clean, not quick and dirty.

It's key that you're thinking not just about the way a page looks, but also about the user journey and the behaviour that the user influences and experiences. You probably know what works and what doesn't - but new situations mean that won't always be the case.
 When unsure, you know how to find out. 
 
In return, you will be working with a team of passionate people who are proud of their craft and work hard at it. You will have a generous educational budget as well as be working on some of the best greenfield projects in Sydney. You will also have a
 great career path as well as constant education, course and conferences.

 

        
        
          John RossSoftware Engineer in Test - High profile globally expanding start-up
      
      
      
      
        Work on products that have a positive impact on the world
        
        Join a passionate team with big ambitions
        
        Drive best practice TDD, BDD, CI / CD
        
      
      My client, a highly accomplished and rapidly expanding global start-up, currently have an exciting requirement for a Senior or Mid Level Software Test Engineer / QA Engineer to join the high performing Sydney based engineering team.


You'll be joining one of the most impressive start-ups in the country working on web tools that help make the world a better place.  

In addition to this, my client can offer unmatched career progression and personal development opportunities and an opportunity to help shape the organizations project and testing processes as they continue to expand exponentially as a business.

Beautifully situated in Sydney's CBD, my client can offer retro-modern style open plan offices with a positive and results orientated work environment that encourages a lean approach to engineering.
 
Key Skills
2+ years' commercial experience in similar position
Knowledge and experience to drive TDD, BDD, CI / CD  
Love working with automated frameworks e.g Selenium
Excellent analytical skills with ability to troubleshoot problems
Strong knowledge of web technologies, with some engineering experience

Desirable:
Experience testing Javascript applications

Tags; QA Automated Tester, QA Engineer, Automated Tester, Quality Assurance Engineer, Software Tester, Software Developer, Software Engineer, Automation

If you would be interested in discussing this fantastic opportunity further and believe you satisfy the above criteria, please send through your most up to date resume
      
      Naviro Pty Ltd
        Level 12, 234 George Street
        Sydney NSW 2000Integration Support Officer (Analyst Programmer)
        
Reporting to the Team Leader - Technical Management (Application Services), this role works within the Technical Management team to administer, maintain and support Integration services.  This position will be responsible for providing level 3 technical
 support; identifying, documenting and sharing data, and information and technology integration models.
Mandatory qualifications and licences:

Tertiary qualifications in IT or a related discipline;
Essential experience and skills:

Must be able to demonstrate exceptional programming knowledge and practice in the field of Information Management & Technology;
Experience and knowledge in enhancing the customer experience, increasing value-added to customers and maximizing accessibility and minimising risk to an orgasniation's information resources;
Experience in any programming languages (eg NET and C#, Java); Knowledge of web services (eg. REST and SOAP); Understanding of SOA/EAI; Front end technologies (eg. JQuery, JavaScript, HTML5 CSS); Strong problem solving skills.
This is a permanent full-time position working 35 hours per week with 19 day month flexi-time available. 
Attractive salary commensurate with talent and experience.
Applications close:  Friday 16 July 2017.  
All applications must address the selection criteria contained in the job description.  Applications to be submitted via Council's website www.sutherlandshire.nsw.gov.au.
Please quote reference no 55-17 when applying.
This position have been re-advertised. Previous applicants will not be considered.Web forms Developer & C# ASP MVC Angular
        
        
          Immediate Start $490/day including super
          
          Located in Sydney's CBD
          
          Good team environment with 35 staff
          
        
        
A Sydney CBD based software company is urgently looking for a Mid-Level Developer with experience producing high quality User Interfaces using C#, Webforms, HTML, CSS, Javascript, JQuery and some Angular MVC work.
The requirement is urgent and for a 2 month contract with potential antoher 1 month, to specifically build some extra functions for a client prior to the end of December.
Sydney CBD office. START IMMEDIATELY.

Candidates on a Working Holiday Visa are welcome to apply!!
MCS Consulting has been at the forefront in advanced technology, R&D and IT&T Recruitment for 18 years, and has an effective personal approach that really does make a difference.

Craig Cookson ; (02) 9481 8888 job CC5531. SK08382 
Please send your resume ASAP 

A WORD VERSION CV IS ESSENTIAL 
An Address helps us and should be included. 

www.mcs-consulting.com.au

We are more than happy to discuss career aspirations. 
At MCS we are here to help, not just recruit 

Follow our Company Page on LinkedinSenior Web Developer / Angular2.0
      
      
        6 Month Rolling Contract
        
        Immediate Start
        
        Modern Tech & Mature Dev Team
        
      
      My client is a household name in Melbourne and indeed, Australia; they are currently looking to grow their internal Development team given a large backlog of work and growth in their team forecasted in the new financial year. They have an Enterprise scale
 product offering that is used by millions of Aussies and products to market across native applications (both iOS & Android) Desktop & Responsive Websites.

 
With in-house design, development and testing, my client adheres to Agile software delivery principles and is maturing their practice everyday. Ideally, you will have had exposure to Agile environments beyond daily stand-up meetings.
The successful candidate will have demonstrable experience with the following:



JavaScript and any MV* library knowledge - AngularJS preferred 
Bonus points for Angular2.0 HTML5 & CSS3 Responsive Web Design Strong OO fundamentals Proven Unit Testing (Jasmine preferred) experience Knowledge of UX Principles & the ability to work collaboratively with Designers

Agile experience is preferred, however great communication skills and energy levels and an excellent team mentality is absolutely mandatory.

 
Send through your CV, but we're also interested in your code and the work you've delivered previously, ensure you include links to your Github and / or examples of your latest projects if you have these to hand. The position will be an initial 6 month offer
 with rolling extensions for good performers. 
 
If this sounds like you, please call Mandy Bose on 9604.4202 for a confidential discussion about the role.



      
      
      
      
        
          
            Sydney
              +61 2 9249 8000
            Melbourne
              +61 3 9604 4200
            Canberra
              +61 2 6213 5900
          
            Brisbane
              +61 7 3407 3111
            Adelaide
              +61 8 8214 6500
            Perth
              +61 8 8214 6500
          
            
          
        
      
      Privacy Policy:
        Please note, Greythorn is an iProfile partner agency. By submitting your personal
        information to Greythorn you consent to such information being collected, held, used
        and disclosed in accordance with our Privacy Policy. For Greythorn's privacy policy
        and use of iProfile visit: www.greythorn.com.au/privacy-policyOnline Application Architect
      
      This role requires you to design the portals, mobile applications, and the services to support these, both from a function and a non-functional point of view. 

Your responsibilities will include:

You will work with other Application Architects, Solution designers, developers and vendors on the online platforms. 
You will work with product people, content producers, UX designers and business analysts to understand and flesh out requirements to implementation. 
Work with testers and operational people to ensure that solutions are of high quality and can be operated easily. 
You are not expected perform and hands-on technical tasks but are expected to be very strong technically. 
You have excellent documentation skills and are comfortable writing interface contracts, high level and detail designed documents for others to implement. You should also be familiar with technical specifications - Swagger, WSDL, XSD 

Your skills will include:


Minimum 8 years of experience in software development with 4 years of experience in application design or architecture
Detailed understanding of Online technology & architecture Several of Java, JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5, XML, SOAP, REST, SOA, noSQL System Integration - experience working with one or more vendors to deliver a solution

Please forward your CV to Sam sgarden@loaunchrecruitment.com.au 02 8023 5640
      
      Samantha Garden
02 8023 5640Senior .NET Developer for Brisbane Southside
      
      I'm looking for a senior .NET developer to join a world-class engineering team on the southside of Brisbane. Their SaaS platform is built between the US and Brisbane-based engineering teams. 

You'll have the opportunity to work with their Silicon Valley engineers, both from Brisbane and as part of their exchange program.

The platform is built using Angular and C#. You should have experience building enterprise software, including engineering practices like unit testing, continuous integration, agile development. 

You don't need to have experience with Angular per se, but you should have experience with some JavaScript frontend framework like React, Knockout, Vue.js, etc.

You'll have experience with SQL queries and interacting with SQL databases via an ORM.

It's an API-driven design, so you'll have experience with WebAPI or another API implementation technology.
  
This is a team of high-performing professional software engineers who value a high standard of work and celebrate their successes.

Hit apply if this sounds like you. Call me for a chat if you have questions. Not quite the right fit? Get in contact with my anyway, I always have a wide range of different and awesomely fantastic jobs going that are all things digital.

www.justdigitalpeople.com.au

Sammy Herbert
Talent Scout | Software Engineering

T | 0424 375 424
E | sammy@justdigitalpeople.com.au

A recruiter at JDP by day, also Australasia's female breakdancing champion, happy to throw down anytime - if you got what it takes ;)
 
I'm committed to empowering women in software development and leaving the world a better place than I found it.We are fortunate enough to be working with an extremely fast-growing innovative team that offers a very unique product directed toward a specific segment of the financial services industry. While other tech-based companies simply go with the flow, these
 guys plunge right through with pure intent to disrupt. Their highly innovative online/mobile platform has already taken the industry by storm and driving their campaign to produce something that the market will truly benefit from.
  
Due to such rapid growth, they are looking for 2 Senior / Tech Lead / Architects,with extensive experience writing great code using React.js, React Native, NodeJS and other various JS Frameworks! They are at the top of their game and are looking
 for like-minded, passionate leaders in the field to help get them to the top of their market. 
 
  
Top Reasons to apply: 

Awesome company culture They work with the latest and greatest technologies Highly impactful work! They are at the forefront of innovation in their field  
What You Will Be Doing 

Building features, creating tools, and maintaining code for everything users touch
Continually improve our frameworks, libraries, and tools for crafting JavaScript, CSS and HTML.
Thoroughly test all code Troubleshoot issues from browser to backendWork closely with other teams in designing features
Champion best practices and technical standards You will have the opportunity to work with emergent technology and help set new standards for the industry as a whole. 

What You Need for this Position

You have 5+ years of commercial experience with Javascript. You have significant experience in React, Redux, Node.js, ES6/7, REST, GraphQL.
You share a strong passion about code quality and best practices. You enjoy mentoring and helping other teammates to achieve great results. You mastered CSS/HTML. You already use PostCSS and cssnext. You enjoy designing and building frontend architectures and components. You have a strong sense of UI/UX best practices. You enjoy working in an agile environment. You are an efficient collaborator and know how to work with design and product

  
You will be offered highly competitive long term contracts with great people working on great products. So, if you are a Senior Software Engineer with extensive experience writing great code using React Native, NodeJS and other various JS Frameworks!, please
 apply NOW!
        
        
          John RossLead Front End Developer - Greenfield Product - Long Term Contract - Competitive Day Rates
 
Fantastic opportunity for a highly talented Mid-Senior Frontend Developer (Javascript / CSS3 / HTML / TDD) to take up an exciting development post with a top, well known Australian Company, leading and growing a dynamic Front end team based in the heart
 of Sydney.
 
This is a rare opportunity to work with a global business on a greenfield project, joining a team of designers, architects and developers to contribute to building and maintaining an exciting product platform that  will be available across web and mobile
 with a focus is on a data-driven, rich user experience.

We're looking for a Frontend Engineering expert who is passionate about building highly interactive, responsive and cutting-edge digital experiences, demonstrating both current and expert-level knowledge of front-end programming technologies such as HTML5,
 CSS (3) LESS / SASS and Javascript, along with Javascript libraries and frameworks (for example, Ember.js, AngularJS, React etc).

As a passionate Web Developer, you'll relish the opportunity to apply your trade by delivering high-quality, multi-platform (Desktop, Tablet, Mobile) digital solutions for a brand new product that will be used by millions on a global basis.

Ideally, you'll use your experience of working in a fast-paced environments, working collaboratively with internal teams and stakeholders, and be able to drive productivity and champion new technologies that you feel will be able to make a difference and make
 this a truly world class product.

This exciting role will focus on working in a hands-on Development (HTML5 / CSS3 / Javascript) capacity on my clients projects, working alongside their internal team and resources with an enthusiasm to produce the best possible web experiences, so you'll be
 at the top of your game technology-wise - We want to see experience with Front-end Responsive frameworks such as Bootstrap, experience using version control such as Git or Subversion, and ideally a passion for learning new Javascript libraries and frameworks
 such as Angular, React, Ember, Node etc.

You will be able to demonstrate

5+ years software development experience including 2+ years developing web applications
Experience with modern web frameworks (e.g.: JQuery, AngularJS, ReactJS, Express, Swagger, etc…)
Experience with the full web stack performance optimization techniques including the front end application, networking stack and web server components
 Experience with object oriented design and building of backend applications and REST API services using Java or Node.js
Experience designing and developing a service-based architecture and/or micro services
Experience in designing data persistence and caching concepts using both SQL and NoSQL DBMS (e.g.: MySQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, Redis, etc…)
Enough DevOps experience to setup, configure and maintain your own dev/build environment.
Knowledge of secure coding practices and frameworks (e.g. OWASP) 
This is a rarely available opportunity to join a high-performance team on a greenfield product and help them drive forward their Frontend offering. Please apply with your portfolio and CV at the earliest opportunity!Experience wanted: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (EC5,6), AngularJS/Angular
        
        Immediate start - Perm Opportunities
        
        Multiple opportunitites
        
      
      Opportunity
Are you a passionate Front End Java Developer looking for an exciting change?  
    
UXC, CSC and HP ES have come together to create one of the largest IT services companies in Australia and New Zealand - DXC Technology.

As part of the DXC group, DXC Professional Solutions (formally UXC Professional Solutions) provides its employees with an unrivalled opportunity to work with the best clients and IT Consultants, as well as the best tools, technologies and expertise in the industry. 
 
We pride ourselves on high quality execution, providing opportunities to work within a variety of clients and industries and recognising performance and commitment. We're passionate about what we do, and we strive to make a positive impact, not just on the
 lives of our clients and candidates, but with our colleagues too.
 
Roles
We are currently looking for Front End Java Developers to bring an innovative approach with out-of-the-box thinking to the team. We have multiple roles available across the front end and full stack development focuses from junior to lead level consultants. 
 
You will have worked in small to medium organisations and be ready to take the next step into an enterprise environment. In return you will be offered the opportunity to partner with our tier one, enterprise clients, sitting on site as a representative of DXCPS
 delivering high quality solutions across greenfield, transformation and enhancement focused initiatives.
 
Experience
We are open to considering experienced developers who have delivered end to end across the full SDLC. We would like to hear from high performers with exceptional stakeholder management skills and the ability to influence at all levels. A flexible approach is
 essential along with a genuine interest in building a long term career with a market leading consultancy.

You will bring with you strong skills in:
 
- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript (EC5, 6) 
- Some experience with Typescript 
- Bootstrap (Responsive Design)
- AngularJS/Angular
- Ionic 1
  
This is an outstanding opportunity for a highly-motivated individual to draw upon their commercial experience and launch their career with an organisation that is truly committed to ongoing career development and success.
 
DXC Professional Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
You must be an Australian Permanent Resident to apply for this roleOnline Application Architect
      
      This role requires you to design the portals, mobile applications, and the services to support these, both from a function and a non-functional point of view. 

Your responsibilities will include:

You will work with other Application Architects, Solution designers, developers and vendors on the online platforms. 
You will work with product people, content producers, UX designers and business analysts to understand and flesh out requirements to implementation. 
Work with testers and operational people to ensure that solutions are of high quality and can be operated easily. 
You are not expected perform and hands-on technical tasks but are expected to be very strong technically. 
You have excellent documentation skills and are comfortable writing interface contracts, high level and detail designed documents for others to implement. You should also be familiar with technical specifications - Swagger, WSDL, XSD 

Your skills will include:


Minimum 8 years of experience in software development with 4 years of experience in application design or architecture
Detailed understanding of Online technology & architecture Several of Java, JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5, XML, SOAP, REST, SOA, noSQL System Integration - experience working with one or more vendors to deliver a solution

Please forward your CV to Sam sgarden@loaunchrecruitment.com.au 02 8023 5640
      
      Samantha Garden
02 8023 5640JAVA Developer
      
      Just Digital People are currently working with an independent Web Development businesses. They are looking for a Java Developer with AEM skills to join their fun and growing team. Within the office they have a hard working yet relaxed
 and casual culture. You would be working on a range of different projects and would be working closely with team members to meet the client's needs.

Skills & Experience Required:

• Design, develop and support AEM components, integrations and application
• Experience within a J2EE environment including Java Server Pages and related technologies (Taglibs, EJBs, JavaBeans, etc)
• Intermediate skills with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, various web frameworks and libraries (jQuery, Angular, bootstrap)
• Experience with RESTful and SOAP-based web services
• Experience with unit testing and automated testing tools
• Experience with secure coding practices
• Experience implementing web content management systems in a large corporate environment.
• Experience with object-oriented design and design patterns
• Excellent estimation abilities in scoping work in a highly complex environment

It doesn't get much simpler than this advert... are you a good Java developer with AEM skills? Then let's hear from you!

If this position is not quite the right one then don't worry! We always have a wide range of different and awesomely fantastic jobs going that are all things digital :) Who knows, we may just have that special something you've been looking for.

**All my roles require you to be an Australian Citizen or PR with a minimum of five years LOCAL EXPERIENCE** 

Eric
Just Digital People
ph/txt: 0421 471 278
w: www.justdigitalpeople.com.au
e: Eric@justdigitalpeople.com.au

I only work with organisations that value professional software development and professional software developers.We are looking for a passionate leader in the .Net space who wants to work on something very unique.

You will be joining an established and growing team, with a great culture built on strong values, offering family friendly and flexible working options. They offer a relaxed working environment and they are very focused on maintaining excellent work/life balance.

You will be passionate about the code you produce and strive to deliver world class work on time and to a high standard. You will be used to working in an agile environment and like the challenge of solving complex problems.

Previous Tech Lead, Team Lead or Development Manager experience is also required to be considered for this role. The team is currently around 6 developers but we are happy to consider someone who has managed smaller teams of 2-3 developers.


MUST HAVE SKILLS: 

ASP.Net  MVC  C# APIs HTML5, CSS and JavaScript Unit Testing / TDD Agile / Scrum SQL Server Tech/Team Lead or Development Manager Experience 
NICE TO HAVE SKILLS  

Angular Azure CI / CD 

They are a jeans and t-shirt company, family friendly with flexible working if needed, transparent and open, generally quite nerdy (even the marketing team), and supportive of each other. They have a very cool, custom designed office in Sydney, close to transport
 and surrounded by lots of eateries, drinking holes, and shops.

This is an immediate need and they offer a quick interview process and highly competitive packages are on offer for the right person.
        
        
          John Ross
02 8076 4662,Front End Developer
      
      
        Experienced with AngularJS, JavaScript, C#, API’s, .Net, CSS and HTML5?
        
        All the latest Technology, working in an Agile environment
        
        Great team environment, Central location
        
      
      We have an excellent contract opportunity not to be missed for an experienced  Front-End Developer based in Brisbane! 

This is the perfect time to become part of this fast paced, ever evolving company using the most up to date technologies across a number of new and exciting projects. 

Key Responsibilities include:

Development of software using front-end technologies such as JavaScript, CSS and HTMLExcellent development practices to support high quality frequent software releasesImplement front-end code using known frameworks and investigate new frameworks to apply to new productsPromote good front-end techniques to other peers in the development teamProvide excellent communication between all teams and areas in the organization

Key Skills Required:

5+ years of front end development experienceProven experience with  AngularJS and JavaScriptProven experience with .Net and C#Proven experience with JavaScript, HTML5 and CSSExcellent  communication skills both written and oralThorough understanding of the responsibilities of the platform, database, API, and other web services used in the system


To be considered for the role click the 'Apply' button or for more information about this and other opportunities please contact Teagan Pope on 07 3339 5623. Please quote our job reference number: 200169513.Mid Level .Net
      
      
Mid Level .Net Mobile Developer - growing fin-tech start up 

Sydney CBD Permanent Immediate start
 
My client is a well-established Financial Software Development company in Sydney CBD with a focus on API development.

Working with some of Australia’s most established brand names, you will be working on a variety of iconic and compelling brands.

Due to a burst of growth in the company, my client is looking for a Mid Level  .Net Developer to hop on board and get involved with new development, enhancement and maintenance.  

They are looking for somebody who is motivated and passionate about their work and what they do, a real “go-getter”!

What they are looking for:

Experience with ASP.Net, C#.Net Front End Development skills including JavaScript, HTML, CSS and JQuery Experience in developing JavaScript frameworks – AngularJS OR ReactJS Extensive experience  both building and customising WebAPI's, 
Experience with MS SQL Immediate start preferred   
 
What they offer:

You will be working in a mid- size development team Working alongside a diverse range of professionals Implementing highly engaging and responsive mobile and software applications Great career opportunities to advance to the next step in your career path Opportunities to learn new technologies Strong mentoring program 
And most importantly…. 
You get the chance to become one of the core members of this rapidly growing company.
“How?” I hear you say…

...all you have to do is send your cv by clicking Apply now!

OR 

Contract Megan via mward@siriustechnology.com.au"Empowering The People Who Power The World"
Are you interested in a career opportunity with a growing software company? P2 Energy Solutions is dedicated to providing a positive culture where the ability to learn, collaborate, and make a difference is rewarded. We have a fast-paced, innovative culture
 where employees are empowered to provide a superior experience for internal and external customers.
We have a great opportunity for a passionate and highly skilled Software Engineer to join the team.  We are looking for someone that loves to develop cutting edge business applications in the web, is a fast learner that is keen to get up to speed, and someone
 that has a flair for beautiful web design.
If this sounds like you, we would love to have you on our team!
About us:
We have a great opportunity for a passionate and highly skilled Software Engineer to join the team.  We are looking for someone that is a recent graduate that loves to develop cutting edge business applications in the web, is a fast learner that is keen
 to get up to speed, and someone that has a flair for beautiful web design.
What we are looking for:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering or equivalent Experience in agile development methodologies, specifically SCRUM Proficient in C# (at least 3 years of experience) Proficient with Javascript/jQuery Some Knowledge of ASP.NET, WebAPI and MVC Some Knowledge of AngularJS, Bootstrap Excellent verbal and written communication skills; strong analytical and problem solving skills
Ability to learn and keep up to speed with the newest web technologies Ability to accurately implement software from requirements and design models
What we offer you:

A casual and friendly work environment Brilliant team members to learn from and with Working with the most modern technologies and processes Transport allowance A competitive bonus structure. Generous annual leave allowances A company dedicated to individual and corporate growth opportunities
The successful employee at P2 is motivated, dedicated, and constantly working to deliver a great experience for our customers.
We have a positive culture designed around the philosophy of mutual respect and the challenge of contributing to the continued success of our organization. 
Please note:  Assessment Testing may be required for this position.
P2 Energy Solutions and its affiliated companies are Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity employers. We also participate in the E-Verify program, a service of DHS and SSA.PHP/.Net Developer
      
      
About the role

Opportunity to work with a Global company which creates custom software for it's clients. They are looking for Mid- Senior Full Stack PHP Developer to join their team. You will be working on high quality software and be able to show similar high quality delivery.
 You will be expected to translate complex functional requirements and will also be involved in the development of internal tools for the business. The role will be PHP focused however a basic knowledge of .NET is required for certain aspects.


Essential skills
 

PHP Symfony, Laravel or other related frameworks (must know at least 1) JavaScript, Jquery, HTML5 SASS .NET (basic understanding) Good communication skills
Desirable skills

Angular.js Cakephp
 
This is a fantastic opportunity for the right developer to work in a permanent position with a team of senior developers, in a company which offers excellent career progression and a fantastic working culture based in Surry hills.
If this sound like you then we would love to hear from you, please apply via the link or if you were simply wanting to know more about the role contact
Adam Armstrong - aarmstrong@siriustechnology.com.au
 
 

      
      Adam Armstrong
aarmstrong@siriustechnology.com.auThe successful person will be involved in the security industry developing asset tracking Via CCTV and RFID integration. We are currently growing our team of developers for our big worldwide projects.
Responsibilities:
Java/J2EE development
GUI development
Essential skills: 
AngularJS
Javascript
html/css
Java/J2EE
Core Java

Highly regarded: 
Java concurrency
Full stack java/j2EE development
Database
Jboss application server
We are looking for AngularJS frontend developers who have at least 3 - 5 years of commercial development experience. 
Send your cv to tom@visionts.com.au or submit via seek for interview pleaseAbout the business and the role
Established 16 years ago, Cedar Creek Company is a specialist technology company providing supply chain management and traceability solutions to fresh food industries in Australia and overseas.
Cedar Creek Company is unique in that it has three core technology offerings to the market place:

Traceability and production control software systems for the perishable food industries (Meat, Seafood & Fresh).Print & Apply Automation.Objective measurement systems.
We are looking for a developer to code both browser based data delivery and acquisition modules as well as embedded machine control modules.


Job tasks and responsibilities
Reporting to the Software Development Manager, the role will require you to:

Contribute to the architectural direction of our platform with regard to application design and feature development.Provide accurate estimates on development work.Development and Maintenance of Front and Backend systems.Create integration with 3rd party services providing data feeds.Provide support for existing systems.Liaise with business and technology partners.Participate in rostered after-hours support service.Undertake the implementation and commissioning of any software application, either via remote configuration or personal attendance at customer sites.


Skills and experience
Skills Required

3+ years proven commercial experience in software development.Extensive knowledge of Java, JavaScript, ASP.Net, C#.Progress 4GL.Web service creation and consumption (SOAP/Rest, JSON, XML).SQL database and development experience (Desirable).A background with dealing with complex business models (Desirable).
Must Haves

Tertiary Qualifications in Software Engineering, Information Technology or Computer Sciences or relevant commercial coding experience.A highly ethical, consultative and team-oriented approach.Good communication and presentation skills.Commercial acumen and analytical skills.
What Will Set You Apart

An ability to work on individual projects and as part of a team.Working knowledge of PROGRESS 4GL.
You
You are a dedicated software developer who takes pride in the quality of work being delivered. You set standards and develop practical work to ensure a high standard of work but also a quick response to immediate customer needs.
This is a permanent full-time position and a competitive salary package will be offered commensurate to skill and experience.
If you think you fit the description, please submit a detailed resume 
and cover letter (in confidence) to jobs@cedarcc.com
IMPORTANT information to consider prior to applying:
* All applicants need to supply a covering letter which must include why they are applying for this position, their current position and responsibilities.
* This position is only available to Australian Citizens or permanent residents, you MUST include in your cover letter, your VISA status and the duration of your VISA. Any applicant who is NOT domiciled and a permanent resident in Australia and does not
 have suitable a VISA will not be considered.
* Only shortlisted application will be contacted back.
* This position is in Brisbane, for any applicant who is not a resident in South East Queensland, you must be prepared to travel to Brisbane to attend any interviews. No phone or interstate interviews will be conducted.
* Agents need not apply.Front End Web Developer
		
			Exciting role with progression
			Rapidly growing new product
			Exciting work environment
		
		
About Us

Bright (www.brighttechnologies.com.au) historically develops big enterprise products (of which we are very proud).   We have embarked on the world of B2C (www.cited.com.au).  We need to continue expanding our inspiration and contemporary awesomeness with a
 front-end specialist!!
Join a supportive agile web development team evolving our B2C product website using modern front-end tools and technology to build amazing customer experiences
The Job
You will be joining an established local team building and supporting the online websites for Bright.   As our company's front end web developer, your day to day job will include:

Leading the front-end development for an evolving one year old product Working in a friendly and supportive Agile team development environment Working closely with in-house designer and product development teams to develop and optimise the awesome front end of our and customer facing platform
Work with the designer to provide feedback and implement responsive web designs
Using technologies like LESS/CSS3 (BEM convention), JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5, Webpack, Node Package Manager (NPM), APIs and .NET MVC Razor
Sharing knowledge and implement front-end optimisation, accessibility and performance enhancements
Ensuring the website is developed with a focus on SEO
Who are you?
You are a front-end developer who is comfortable with the full stack.  We realise true full stack developers are hard to find so we are interested in interviewing candidates with a range of experience but front-end proficiency is a must.
You are an Australian citizen or have a permanent residency visa that allows you to work full time in Australia and can work from our West Leederville/Perth office.
What's required?

University degree Experience developing mobile responsive, accessible and optimally performant UI design
Experience with Agile development and latest web development frameworks Experience in the following tech stack: HTML5 and CSS/LESS JavaScript and jQuery .NET MVC and Razor
What's desirable?

Webpack and Node Package Management (NPM) Block Element Modifier (BEM) methodology or Object-Oriented CSS (OOCSS) SEO and analytics tracking Vue.js or other JavaScript frameworks e.g. React or Angular ECMAScript 6 C# and .NET 4.5+ .NET API development SQL programming Event Store (CQRS)
The perks

Funky office environment in a great location close to two train stations Near lots of cafes and eateries in nearby Leederville Friendly team and work culture ...and, munchies to keep you going - fruits, snacks and coffee/tea
If you are a combination of pragmatic Front End developer with experience with back end and possess a great work ethic and have an appreciation of commerce and consumer behaviour - APPLY NOW!!Who are we?
CEnet is a not-for-profit, shared IT services organisation supporting Catholic diocesan education networks that connect school communities across NSW, QLD, TAS and the ACT. CEnet comprises a federation of sixteen (16) Catholic dioceses.
CEnet supports and manages a secure and robust shared infrastructure that delivers standards-based ICT networking, internet access and the provision of web-based applications and curriculum resources to its members. CEnet's user population includes over
 300,000 Kindergarten/Preparatory to Year 12 students, teachers and administrative staff.
What Is the role?
The ServiceNow Administrator / Developer is responsible for the operations, maintenance and enhancement of CEnet's ServiceNow platform. The ideal candidate will bring ServiceNow System Development and Systems Administration skills, including experience developing,
 integrating and administering a ServiceNow ITSM solution in a cloud-based environment.
Key responsibilities


Consult on, implement, administer and support the ServiceNow platform

Configure Workflows, Application UI and Customise ServiceNow applications

Facilitate the rollout of new modules in ServiceNow

Identify system deficiencies and recommend solutions as a trusted advisor

Perform ServiceNow upgrades

Ensure appropriate tools and processes are in place to have development, test and production environments that are reliable and reproducible

Development work (both change and bug fixes)

Participation in requirements and solution definition, work package estimation, time logging, and supporting testing

Peer code reviews, release / implementation planning, working with support and operational teams as required and working closely with other developers to provide technical expertise and mutual peer professional support as required

Ideal applicants for this role will possess the following core skills:


Excellent interpersonal, communication and teamwork skills

Ability to negotiate and influence others

Excellent problem solving and organisational skills

Understanding of the project delivery lifecycle and processes

Practical experience in creation or modification of the relevant ITSM toolset components

ITIL process understanding

Consultative and analytical approach

Real world exposure to cloud technologies and SaaS

Experience in implementing ITSM tools; demonstrated experience with incident management, service request management, problem management, change management, configuration management and other ITIL process areas

Experience in implementing ServiceNow Service Catalog and Service Portal

integrating ServiceNow with other systems such as Identity Management, Jira, Single Sign-On, Web Services, etc.

Solid understanding of web services (REST / SOAP / WSDL / XML), and HTTP Request Methods

Experience with ServiceNow client and server-side Javascript and the ServiceNow APIs

The following experience and qualifications are required:


Tertiary qualification in Information Technology or related education

3+ years of experience developing on the ServiceNow platform in a medium to large enterprise environment

The following experience and qualifications are desirable:


ServiceNow Certified System Administrator

ServiceNow Certified Implementation Specialist

ServiceNow Certified Application Developer

ITIL Foundations Certification



5+ years of experience with application development (SDLC, Agile Scrum, etc.)

5+ years of experience with technologies such as JavaScript, XML, HTML, CSS, HTTP

This position is a permanent full-time role based in Wollongong (South Coast, NSW).
Applicants must have the right to work in Australia.
How to Apply:
For an application package, which includes a detailed position description and information on how to apply for this role, please visit our careers page at
www.cenet.catholic.edu.au and click 'About' -> 'Careers', or alternatively email us via jobs@cenet.catholic.edu.au.
Applications must be submitted by 5:00pm Friday 28th July 2017.
NOTE: All applicants must read and complete the application package associated with this role. Shortlisted candidates will be notified within 2 weeks after submission closure.
*** NO AGENCIES PLEASE ***About the company
Victorion IT Solutions is a boutique software development & consulting company that specialises in delivering customised web, system integration, mobile, and reporting solutions using the latest Microsoft technologies.
We pride ourselves in helping our customers achieve their best potential through delivering user friendly, tailored, innovative and cost effective managed IT solutions.
With an unmistakable passion for technology, excellent communication skills and the ability to work in a team environment, your new role will see you grow and mentor developers and build quality, robust solutions for our clients in both private and public
 sector.
Balancing your time between delivering quality technical solutions, keeping up-to-date with the latest technologies, ensuring project deliveries, and maintaining good relationships with clients are keys to being successful in this role.
Technical knowledge requirements
As the Senior Developer you will contribute to overall technical strategy, development direction and provide advice to junior developers on software engineering aspects including design, analysis, testing and implementation, whilst using your technical skills
 in C#, ASP.NET, Javascript, SQL Server as well as applying your knowledge of SOLID and Agile methodologies.
As well as being hands on with the development of web solutions for the company you will also need to ensure that necessary technical documentation is maintained in an appropriate manner when required.
Key Responsibilities:

Design, develop and deliver business solutions for new & existing clients;Maintain and support existing business solutions;Produce estimates, design specifications and technical documentation based on given client requirements;Keep up to date with the latest software development technologies;Mentor and provide guidance to new developers;Liaise and maintaining good relationships with clients.
Essential Skill Set:

3+ years of experience in .NET 4.5 (MVC / WebForms)Prior working experience with Web API and WCF is a must.Prior working experience with MSSQL, SSIS, and SSRS is a must.Prior Working knowledge of Entity Framework, CodeSmith and NHibernate.Prior working experience with various Dependency Injection framework such as NInject, Autofac, Unity, MS Enterprise Library.Prior working experience with Visual Studio, TFS and Git is a must.
Desirable Skill Set:

Prior working experience with development in the cloud platform such as Azure or AWS is highly desirable.Prior experience with Javascript development frameworks such as Angular, React and NodeJS is highly desirable.Prior working experience with native/hybrid mobile application development (e.g. Ionic) is highly desirable.Prior working experience with various Testing framework NUnit, MSTest, Selenium is highly desirable.Prior experience with .NET Core is highly desirable.Working knowledge of HTML5, CSS, SASS, LESS, Bootstrap is desirable.Working knowledge of Agile/SCRUM development methodologies.
***Australian Citizens and Permanent Residents only please*** 

***Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted***

        
        
          Please submit your application to careers@victorion.com.auThe Front-End Web and Email Developer will work closely with the projects Technical Lead to design experiences that follow web design and usability best practices while also adhering to brand standards. Whether you've worked for a digital creative agency,
 internet retailer or pursued your passion for digital within your education, you should have a portfolio that showcases your skills. Alongside your professional achievements, your passion for generating elegant, lightweight, and often novel web solutions is
 what drives you to discover the latest technical innovations.
In addition to other duties which may be from time to time assigned by Company, the initial position duties include, but are not limited to the following:

Front-end web development. Using our Salesforce Marketing Cloud; Cloud Pages, Microsites and Landing Pages, this person will build, test, and deploy responsive web content through html, css, and javascript that improves customer experience. Such experiences
 should work seamlessly within the current Salesforce Marketing Cloud configuration.
Email development. Using SalesForce Marketing Cloud (formerly Exact Target), this person will build responsive emails through html and css that meet informational, engagement, and/or direct-selling goals. Awareness of current email best practices and technologies
 is a must.
Required Qualifications:

2+ years of practical front-end web design and production experience, with emphasis on concept to completion strategy
Experience building, testing, and deploying responsive emails designed for the most popular devices and applications
Experience building, testing, and deploying responsive web pages designed for the most popular devices and applications
Excellent visual, interactive design skills with a complete design portfolio of interactive projects
Experience with developing emails and other web content for direct-to-consumer experiences
Expertise in JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, AmpScript
Preferred Qualifications: 

Experience with Adobe CS Suite strongly preferred Experience building and deploying emails through SalesForce Marketing Cloud Experience with Google Tag Manager and Google Analytics Understand how to design content that incorporates search engine optimization (SEO) best practices
Experience building content for social applications is a plus Knowledgable about crafting good user interfaces (UI) and good user experience (UX) a plus
Basic skills in Adobe Photoshop and/or Illustrator. Experience testing campaigns
Candidates must be: 

Are capable of working within a broader project team Are proactive and innovative, very flexible in a dynamic environment Have a passion for digital design with an eye for detail in typesetting, design and layoutsA highly innovative and fast growing ICT company is rapidly expanding one of its core products for both national and international clients. We are looking for frontend developer with at least 3 years experience.
To be suitable for this role you must have solid understanding and proven experience with the following technologies:

Modern JavaScript libraries and frameworks, (jQuery / AngularJS)
HTML5 semantic best practices CSS3 Media queries / Responsive design Modern UI frameworks, e.g. Bootstrap, Foundation
Preferably you will have experience with

PHP 5/7 & PHP Frameworks (Symfony, Cake, Yii)  PostgreSQL 9+ PL/SQL, MySQL, Oracle or MSSQL CSS pre-processors, e.g. SASS or  LESS
Applicants must have:

Excellent communication skills (written and oral) Ability to effectively communicate and work within an expanding team environment
Self starter that can work with minimum supervision and contribute ideas to the product
Highly developed problem solving skills and attention to detail Strong OO design principals and structured development approach
This role is for development on an enterprise application using the latest in web based technologies. The right candidate will have a passion for programming and design extending their skill set across a range of technologies.
We are offering one of the best working environments in Melbourne, exciting challenges, great rewards and high level of independence for the right candidate.About the company
Our client is an award winning high growth venture that via its cutting edge software is carving a niche that competitors are simply not able to keep up with as market share grows by the day. Due to rapid growth our client in looking to build a team interested
 in developing responsive web applications.
About the role
Our client is looking for 2 x Front End Developers to join the development team. They are looking for someone who enjoys their work, both the serious bits and the fun parts.

You will be a self-starter. You actively seek out a shared understanding both within the development team and more broadly within the organization.You are committed to continuous improvement, of code, system, self, and team.You are happy to be held accountable and take responsibility for the work that you do.
Skills & Experience

JavaScript, including ES6React and ReduxRESTHTML/CSS/Sass/PostCSSWebpackVagrant, DockerTesting, including Mocha, Chai or similar
Ideally, you will also be across one or more of the following:

ServiceNow, including Jelly and Service PortalDatabase knowledge, especially queryingRelayAngularAWSJava
Culture
To fit with this unique culture, you will have a natural curiosity, an innovative streak and the energy and attitude to continuously improve ways of working and introduce new ideas consistently. If you truly value innovation and original thinking, and believe
 that simply doing things 'the way we've always done it' is the fastest road to oblivion then you will fit in perfectly.

Benefits

Work with other likeminded, intelligent, innovative colleaguesOpportunity to grow your careerCBD location
How to apply
Click on the APPLY button to submit your resume. A full position description is available post application, email for more information.The Solutions Architect is one of our most strategic and critical roles. In this role you will be responsible for fully understanding using your customers' requirements and using your excellent technical, consultation and communication skills to design the
 best possible solution.
This is not "design in an ivory tower". So if you don't want to muck in and get your hands dirty then this isn't the job for you. However if you want to work with the best team in the industry and you're passionate about contributing directly to the success
 of your customers then we'd love to hear from you.
The role includes all aspects of software development; design, implementation, testing and maintenance. You will design and implement Salesforce Marketing Cloud solutions through the integration of data streams, scripted and automated emails, mobile messages,
 microsites and preference centres. This includes designing and documenting solutions to leverage automation, dynamic content, data-driven segmentation and other sophisticated Salesforce Marketing Cloud capabilities to drive engagement and response to our customers'
 digital marketing programs.
The role is based in Melbourne where you will play a key role in supporting and building our local team.
In addition to other duties which may be from time to time assigned by Company, the initial position duties include, but are not limited to the following:

Lead consultative engagements with clients on technical and business challenges
Document comprehensive client user stories and technical constraints/requirements
Define The Solution based on client's business needs and present effectively and authoritatively to client stakeholders from both technical and business backgrounds
Develop proofs-of-concept to validate solution feasibility Create intuitive conceptual designs easily comprehensible by all Manage solution related documentation (BRD/FSD) in conjunction with other delivery focused team members
Work effectively across multiple concurrent client engagements Identify project issues / risks and present alternatives to alleviate or resolve
Support Sales organisation in opportunities by validating solutions and estimates
Travel to client locations for onsite discovery and solutions presentations. Travel outside of the Melbourne area is frequently required, but not expected to exceed 20%
 Business Requirements

Excellent strategic & technical thinking Ability to consultatively engage with customers and to quickly make complex decisions
Thrives in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment Confident in leading customer facing discussions and presentations Effective written and verbal communication skills Expert in documenting complex concepts concisely and effectively Five years' experience working with marketers or marketing technology
Technical Requirements

Understanding of Digital Marketing and its objectives. Experience working in a marketing organisation or interacting with marketing organisations as a supplier/vendor
Experience working with MS Visual Studio, Eclipse, NetBeans, or other modern integrated development environment, as well as visualization software applications such as MS Visio
Proficient in developing SQL and experience with a RDBMS such as MySQL, Oracle or MS SQL Server
Proficient in HTML, XML, and JavaScript Knowledge of technologies such as HTTP, CSS, XSLT, AJAX, JQuery Experience of developing against SOAP and REST based APIs Experience with one or more server side programming language such as .NET, JAVA, PHP, Ruby, C#, C++, Visual Basic, Python
Familiarity with SDLC methodologies including requirements, design, implementation, testing and maintenance
Familiarity with CRM, Content Management, POS/Commerce and Web Analytics platforms preferred
Familiarity with Salesforce Marketing Cloud and/or CRM preferred Familiarity with security standards such as TLS, SSL, data encryption preferred
Comfortable working within an Agile methodology Previous experience working as a technical consultant or technical/solutions architectAn excellent opportunity for experienced Digital Producer / Project Manager who has an agency background and enjoys client engagement. The role involves managing the whole life cycle of a variety of digital projects including scoping, estimating, wireframes,
 workflow and client expectations. You'll need to be a clear thinker who understands client needs, loves new technology and always wants to push the boundaries for new and better solutions.
Skills and Experience Required

Managing the development of websites, microsites, eDM's and multi media and digital marketing projects.
Strong technical knowledge of Wordpress and other open source CMSs is essential
Minimum 5 years experience managing digital projects, preferably in an agency environment
Experience in technical requirement gathering, scoping and estimating digital projects with strong wireframing and documentation skills
Experience with working on websites using content management systems Knowledge of common web technologies (HTML, CSS, Javascript) Well organised and able to manage multiple projects Process driven with a good eye for detail Able to work well with creative and developer colleagues
Our ideal candidate will:

Be energetic and enthusiastic, with excellent interpersonal skills. Have superior verbal and written communication skills with an ability to present to clients and develop strong relationships
Be an Australian citizen or have permanent residency Be a good team player with a positive disposition Meet the skills and experience criteria above
About em creative / digital 
We're an established creative and digital agency currently in Mosman but moving in September. We plan to relocate somewhere between Mosman, Chatswood and Brookvale. This will suit someone who loves the northside lifestyle and the Northern Beaches. We work
 hard but we like to have fun and try to maintain a good work/life balance.
An attractive salary package will be negotiated based on skills and experience. If this appeals to you, and you meet the requirements above, please send your CV, LinkedIn profile and apply via SEEK.
Visit our website: www.em.com.au
We will only respond to applicants who make our short list. We will not respond to employment agencies or overseas applicants.Front end developer - 6 month contract - Melbourne CBD
    
    
Senior front end developer - 6 month contract - Melbourne CBD


Looking for an experienced front end developer for an initial 6 month contract role. You will be working closely with the team lead and the other developers to a build a modern and responsive enterprise web application from the ground up.
As the only front end developer on the team, you must have worked in a front end dedicated role previously and have experience building enterprise level applications.

Skills

- 5+ years experience
- Extensive experience with multiple Javascript frameworks / libraries: Angular2 / Angular.JS / React (redux) / JQuery
- Advanced Javascript - ECMA Script 6
- HTML5 
- CSS3 (SASS/LESS)
- node.JS / NPM
- TDD / BDD
- Agile methodologies
- Familiar with UX/UI best principles
- Stakeholder engagement
- must have good communication skills and the ability to communicate technical concepts to non-technical users

Please apply with an updated CV ASAP.
Sthree Australia is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.Microsoft Dynamics CRM Technical Consultant
    
    

Varied and interesting projects Fast growing and dynamic team Immediate start
North Sydney
As Australia's largest privately owned IT Services Company conducting business Australia wide and in the Asia Pacific region,
Dialog's key focus is on delivering outstanding results to its many corporate and government clients using leading tools, technologies and methodologies.
Dialog is a dynamic organisation which offers attractive career development to its people through diverse projects, training and mentoring in a collaborative atmosphere.
Dialog enjoys long-term relationships with Australia's Peak Government and Corporate organisations. As a
Dialog consultant engaging with these clients you will:

Work with key stakeholders to achieve world's best practice processes in major projects
Work on a wide variety of interesting and challenging assignments Work with colleagues in partnership with clients who are committed to achieving their business objectives
Enjoy salary above industry standard in a working environment in which effort, creativity and a positive attitude are highly valued
Have extensive training opportunities through the Dialog Academy, which offers over 1,500 IT and 800 Business Skills courses
Work with likeminded colleagues who share information and focus on the goal, driving the project and their careers further and faster
Due to continued expansion, the Dialog Microsoft Dynamics CRM Team is seeking
Microsoft Dynamics CRM Technical Consultants for our North Sydney office. 
For these roles, Dialog seeks people who have skills and experience with:

Microsoft Dynamics CRM SQL Server 2008, 2008R2, 2012 SQL Server Reporting Services ASP.NET, LINQ, Web Services, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS, XML, XSLT Tertiary qualifications in Information Technology
Established in 1979, Dialog employs over 1,200 people throughout Australia, and provides a wide range of information technology solutions to government and corporate clients.

At Dialog, our whole approach is based on four key values: Involved, Committed, Can Do, Always.

It's these values, applied to every project, which stand behind our success and ensure we are always client focused. These same four values underpin the relationship we enjoy with our people.

Join our team of professional, enthusiastic and experienced consultants, where communication, learning and knowledge sharing are prized. We offer an excellent benefits package.

Dialog is an equal opportunity employer.

Applicants should be Australian or NZ citizens or Australian permanent residents. If you are not an Australian or New Zealand citizen you will need to provide your passport and visa for our review.

Visit our website www.dialog.com.au for more information.

    
    
      
     
    
    INVOLVED,
      COMMITTED, CAN DO, ALWAYS2 x Senior Java Developers - Contract!
    
    
2 x Senior Java Developers are required for an initial 6 month contract with a key client of ours based of St Kilda Road. This role has a strong view for extension and is looking to start as soon as possible.
As the Java Developer you will have a strong career background in Software Development and play a key role in leading and supporting the development of new and existing applications.
Essential skills:
- 5+ years in Java/J2EE Development
- Spring v3.0 & Spring MVC
- Hibernate
- JPA / Open JPA
- Web Services (SOAP & Restful)
- Front End Capabilities: JavaScript, HTML, CSS
- Angular JS with Protractor
- Bootstrap
- Jasmine / Karma testing
- TDD (JUnit)
- BDD (Selenium, Protractor, Cucumber)
- IBM Websphere / Weblogic / Jboss
- CI/CD: Jenkins / Hudson / Bamboo
- DB2
- Tertiary Qualifications in the relevant field
Highly desirable skills:
- AEM experience or exposure
- A background in Insurance or Financial Services
All candidates must have strong written and verbal communication skills and have
full Australian work rights in order to be considered.
If you are interested please APPLY NOW or contact Courtney at Progressive ITSenior Full-Stack Developer - Java
      
      
        80:20 split back:front
        
        Migration and transformation
        
        Sydney CBD
        
      
      
The Company

My client are an industry-leading wealth management firm, well-known for their Superannuation business.

Role Purpose

The company are engaged in an on-going transformation and migration program. As a senior full-stack Java developer, your initial purpose will be to assist in this process. Roughly, the ratio split between back-end and front-end coding work is 80:20.
The target salary package for this role is $125k - $140k.

Essential Skills, Knowledge and Experience

- Expert full-stack Java development experience using related tools, technologies and frameworks.
- Spring Boot, AWS, RESTful services, Web Services, HTML, SQL, Transact SQL (Stored Procedures), XML/XBRL
- Front End Development with modern JavaScript libraries and frameworks, i.e. Angular, React, Backbone
- Atlassian product suite (eg. Bamboo, Confluence, Crucible, Fisheye, JIRA)
- Integrated Development Environments (eg. Eclipse, IntelliJ)
- jQuery
- JPA/Hibernate
- Oracle Database environments (11.1 RAC SE, 11.2 SE)
- Testing tools such as JUnit, Selenium
- Tomcat

Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities

As a senior developer, you will be expected to take the initiative and perform the following duties with little supervision:
- Developing effective and responsive full-stack web applications that work on all browsers and devices.
- Work with code quality and client / customer satisfaction in the forefront of your mind at all times.
- Get involved with both application development and solution design planning and decision processes, contributing ideas.
- Help drive the technical vision of the team, strive and push others around you to achieve outstanding results.
- Work closely with other internal stakeholders (architects, project managers, testers, etc.), to deliver software that meets the needs of customers.
- Developing effective and responsive web user interfaces that work on all browsers and devices.
- Adhering to security and data protection protocols.
- Assisting with code reviews and documentation.

This opportunity would suit an ambitious and multi-faceted developer that is motivated by the technical challenges that periods of change and transformation entail. To apply, please follow the instructions below.



( SK913229A )
IMPORTANT: By submitting your email address and any other personal information when you APPLY to a job, you consent to such information being collected, held, used and disclosed in accordance with our COLLECTIONS NOTICE and PRIVACY
 POLICY.
http://www.bluefinresources.com.au/privacy-policyFront End Developer
      
      
      
      
ABOUT US
As an organisation, the AFL works tirelessly in all states and at all levels to enhance and grow the game – from grassroots to elite. Together, we put on the game, deliver important events, communicate with our fans, run community programs, develop coaches
 and umpires, and collaborate with partners, delight members, support clubs and so much more. While our roles may vary we are all united by a common goal, to leave the game in an even more extraordinary place.
ABOUT THE ROLE                                                                                                             

This incredible role is responsible for the design, development, maintenance, and testing of the full suite of AFL websites to create a consistent user experience across all our websites, including:

AFL.com.au All 18 club websites and; A suite of other products to support football activities (eg. Brownlow Medal, Trade, Draft, Women's League, pre-season and competition websites)
You will work in great Agile team and bring a range of skills and experiences to ensure we continue to put our fans, members and participants first.
Your work will contribute to the expanding online presence of the largest sport in Australia and will be visible to over 3.7 million unique visitors each month, contributing to 60+ million pageviews and in the top 20 websites in Australia.
A DAY IN THE LIFE OF

Write and deliver web software to meet product objectives, in accordance with agreed principles and best practice
Collaborate with the team on code design, dependencies, and continuous improvement to ensure maintainability and performance of our solutions
Suggest and implement improvements to development and product processes Contribute to technical roadmap development by identifying and suggesting opportunities and improvements
OUR IDEAL TEAM MEMBER

Extensive experience with Sass, HTML5 and CSS3 in delivering responsive design sites to a high standard
Extensive experience with JavaScript and frameworks (eg, React, Vue) Strong experience with bundlers and task runners, eg  Webpack/Gulp/Grunt Experience working in an Agile environment, collaborating with team members and stakeholders but also able to work independently when required
4+ years experience using J2SE, open source frameworks and backend technologies to develop high-quality software for complex web sites
Strong development practices with Git, automated front-end and back-end tests, build tools, and debugging tools
OUR CULTURE
http://www.afl.com.au/careers/experience-extraordinary
THE PERKS

We believe in a Healthy Mind, Healthy Body and Healthy Workplace and our staff have access to an extensive Health and Wellbeing program
My Development – all employees have access to the AFL's My development program which consists of on the job training, coaching and mentoring and formal learning.
AFL Staff Footy Memberships – easy access to the game, staff can share these with family and friends
My Benefits – staff have access to over 350 discounts with some of the biggest retailers and the AFL's Corporate Partners
HOW TO APPLY
Please answer three questions in your cover letter. If you want to stand out from the crowd, address the questions in a creative 'cover letter video' of no more than 3 minutes (provide the URL to an unlisted YouTube video instead of your cover letter):

Describe a project where you helped create an amazing customer experience driven by technology, your role and contribution, and the business outcome
What's the hardest technical challenge you've had to tackle, and what was the result?
Give an example of a complex commercial system where you have used SASS, responsive design, web packaging and JavaScript frameworks, and how you contributed to the continuous improvement of that system.
 
Closing Date: Friday 14th July 2017Front End Developer (React.js)
    
    
I have a fantastic opportunity for a Senior Front End Developer to work on a digital transformation project. You will work in an agile environment and actively participate in an agile team with daily stand ups, weekly showcases and weekly sprint planning,
 while tracking work with online tools like GitHub.


You will be building products according to service design principles, and apply your superior Front End UI technology experience. You should be experienced with test-driven development with frequent pairing, and the use of continuous delivery. This will be
 a great opportunity to gain experience working on large digital services that will be used by millions of users every day. 
 
Essential Skills:

Strong proficiency with HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Commercial working experience in react.js, webpack and sass Knowledge of testing frameworks such as jest and webdriver.io
 
Bonus:

Experience working with design tools such as zeppelin Node.js
 
If you have any questions please contact me on 02 8103 8330 or email ben.arlanda@2xmtechnology.com.au.
 

    
    www.2xmtechnology.com.au,About us 
We are an Australian tech startup, based in Melbourne, currently working in agile mode. We are looking for support staff for the development of UI and UX interfaces on both Andriod and iOS versions of our app. 

This role involves a mix of UI/UX design & coding using HTML5, Javascript, CSS3 and AngularJS. The responsibility of this role is to create (design & develop) the best user experience by exploring many different approaches to solve application design. You will
 assist with designing & developing easy to use products for our consumers and report directly to our CTO. 

We are offering flexible working hours with negotiable hourly rate of pay for individuals, including current students or recent graduates, to allow them to apply their existing skills and gain some invaluable experience. 

Your areas of responsibilities include:

With UI and UX design elements, you are expected to be able to assist with:

Designing, measuring and optimizing applications Considering the human-computer interaction element of a design Defining interaction models, user task sets and workflows, and fully responsive UI specifications
Communicate scenarios, end-to-end experiences, interaction models and screen designs to other people working on a product, business and customers
Develop and maintain design wireframes and specifications
With software development, you are expected to be to able to assist with:

Coding in HTML5  CSS3, JavaScript AngularJS
Although no formal experience is necessary for this role, any existing portfolio or projects completed
will allow us to determine your creativity and ability to perform well at this job.
Therefore, please send us a copy of your portfolio for us to seriously consider your application. 

In general, we are looking for individuals that have:

Strong coding skills in HTML, CSS, JavaScript for rapid prototyping Be familiar with current Web Standards, including best practices for usability and accessibility
A great eye for design and high attention to detail UI design skills with a strong portfolio with sensitivity to user-system interaction and be up to date with the latest UI trends, techniques, and technologies
Wireframe skills to design storyboards, user and process flows Basic understanding to build high-fidelity prototypes An understanding of the latest trends and their role in a commercial environment
This job is open to any individuals that may work legally in Australia.Front End (React) Developer | Melbourne
      
      THE ROLE
We're looking for a talented front end developer for our product in the property space. We have an existing product in market that's in demand, and are applying the lessons learned to the next version. You will collaborate closely with the team to deliver a
 polished, performant and beautiful front end.

ABOUT US
We're a fast-growing PropTech startup. Our first product has been a great success, and our next version is going to be even better - it's a ground-up rewrite. We're supportive, friendly and believe in providing you with the right environment in which to innovate.

ABOUT YOU
• You're a Javascript dev who's ready to take the next step in your career
• You've worked with React before, preferably at scale (exposure to React Native is a plus)
• You're passionate about technology and like to keep up with what's going on
• You are collaborative, agile and you practice TDD
• Above all, you are exacting and have a great eye for design

THE OFFER
• Collaborative, friendly team
• Great office location, close to transport
• Work on a creative product
• Competitive salary

APPLY NOW
Applying is easy. Send an email with your resume, website, Github account, links to apps or anything else you're proud of. At that point I'll tell you more about the role and we can decide if there's a fit.

I'm a technical recruiter who is actually technical. I love to talk all things tech and am passionate about connecting excellent people to awesome opportunities. If this role isn't quite right but you are a passionate Ruby or JavaScript professional, I'd love
 to buy you a coffee and talk.

Toby Nieboer | @tcn33 | toby@lookahead.com.au

We care deeply about diversity and inclusion, and welcome applicants of all types, and from all backgrounds. If you think you have the skills and experience needed for this role then we'd like to hear from you.
      
      Toby Nieboer
0415 962 212Full Stack Developer
      
      A creative digital agency is looking for a Full stack Web Developer. If you are creative, innovative and a strategic thinker this is the right role for you.


To be successful in this role you will have:

• Experience in a similar role
• Experience with HTML/CSS, JavaScript
• Extensive experience with PHP
• Experience with LAMP Stack
• Strong experience with Drupal
• Experience with Magento and WordPress (desirable)
• Ability to work within a team
• Ability to communicate with clients in a technical and non-technical way

In return you will get:

• Exciting multiple projects
• Relaxed environment
• Great culture and working environment


To apply, press APPLY or please send a copy of your most recent CV and Cover Letter to c.escalera-galvan@pearsonfrank.com or, contact directly on +61 03 9088 3709 to discuss your experience and the role in more detail.

I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any PHP/Java/Web developers that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the PHP/Java/Web
 market and some of the opportunities and PHP/Java/Web jobs that are available I can be contacted on +613 9088 3709 by phone or c.escalera-galvan@pearsonfrank.com by e-mail. Please see www.pearsonfrank.com for more fantastic opportunities!


Pearson Frank is an equal opportunity employer, actively working with our clients in achieving their diversity targets. We encourage all experienced applicants to apply for this role.

PHP/ Java / Web / Web Developer / Front End Developer / Digital Agency / Melbourne / Australia / Pearson Frank



Nigel Frank International is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.Senior PHP Development Role | $500-$600 per day 
      
      
        Eastern Suburbs Location
        
        Great Company Culture 
        
        3 Month Contract with likely extensions 
        
      
      
The Company
Robert Half Technology are working with one of Melbourne's best employers and they are currently seeking a PHP developer to join their dynamic and fast paced team. This company is located in the Eastern suburbs and has parking spaces available to staff.
The company has a focus on culture with flexibility in the work place being a important component of their culture.
The Role
The role will report to the team leader and be concerned with completing both Front and Back-end tasks within fast time frames.
Your Profile
We are looking for a Mid-Senior PHP Developer who is available to start ASAP in a contract role for min 3 months duration. There are likely extensions within this contract!
Key responsibilities will include

Greenfields deployment of billing engineManagement of bespoke internal PHP systemsOverseeing data analysis and reporting
Essential Skills

Hostbill, WHMCS and/or OBASSoftware development experience, SDLC managementExperience coding in PHP, Python, JavaScript, including maintaining codeProject discipline, a track record of project deliveryFamiliarity with MS-SQL and MySQL environments, including reporting and analysisStrong problem solving skillsGood communicational skills
Apply Today
Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button or for further information, contact Nicholas Keel in our Melbourne office on (03) 9691 3631 (nicholas.keel@roberthalf.com.au)
Ref RHTNAK13
Learn more about our Melbourne recruitment services: http://www.roberthalf.com.au/recruitment-agency-melbourne
Interested in advice on everything career, recruitment and work-life balance related? Check out our blog: www.roberthalf.com.au/blog


By applying to this job you are agreeing to our Terms of Use

      
       Interested in advice on everything career, recruitment and work-life
        balance related? Check out our blog: www.roberthalf.com.au/blog 
      
        . 
        Apply through email by clicking the 
        'Apply Now' button below..NET Developer | CBD Located | 12 Month + Contract 
      
      
        .NET Web Developer (Full Stack)
        
        Great Melbourne City Location 
        
        $600-$700 per day 
        
      
      
The Company
Robert Half Technology are working with a Melbourne CBD located company which operates in the finance domain. This established company has a contract role available for a senior Full-Stack .NET developer.
The role will commence as either a 6 or 12 month contract (depending on skill-level) and will likely have extensions if the performance is strong.
The Role
The Successful candidate will be working on building applications in .NET. The main platform is built in ASP.NET C# and MVC.
Your Profile
We are looking for a Full-Stack .NET developer, who is available to commence a new contract role in July.
Essential

7+ year's of commercial experience in developmentA tertiary level IT programming qualification (masters preferred)Strong C# and ASP.NET skills & MVC knowledgeStrong knowledge of SQL ServerStrong front end skills in HTML4/5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQueryExperience is AngularJS, NodeJS or ReactJS would be seen as a positiveExperience in VB.NET or VB would be a positiveExperience in agile environmentsStrong communicational skills which will be utilised in mentoring juniorsKnowledge of the finance industry would be a benefit also
Apply Today
Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button or for further information, contact Nicholas Keel in our Melbourne office on (03) 9691 3661 quoting reference number RHTNAK14
Learn more about our Melbourne recruitment services: http://www.roberthalf.com.au/recruitment-agency-melbourne
Interested in advice on everything career, recruitment and work-life balance related? Check out our blog: www.roberthalf.com.au/blog


Apply through email by clicking the 'Apply Now' button below.

      
       Interested in advice on everything career, recruitment and work-life
        balance related? Check out our blog: www.roberthalf.com.au/blog 
      
        . 
        Apply through email by clicking the 
        'Apply Now' button below.UI / UX Designer 
      
      
A major Brisbane client is seeking only the most talented designers to join their team, you must be used to working in a fast pace environment and delivering high quality results.

Responsibilites:



Contributing to the development of detailed experience designs from project inception, through to build and launch (translating high level business requirements into tangible user interface proposals that integrate the latest standards in interaction design
 and trends in visual design).
Conducting user research activities including interviews, contextual enquiries, A/BTesting, surveys and metrics analysis.Contributing to the creation of UX deliverables including personas, scenarios, tas flows, information architectures, prototypes, wireframes, mock-ups and interactive prototypes.Contributing to the design of digital interfaces that embody core user experience principles whilst balancing the needs of customers and the business.Planning and conducting face to face and remote usability studies of existing and proposed designs and documenting recommendations for improvement.Conducting heuristic reviews of existing interfaces and document recommendations.
Requirements:

- Minimum 2 years experience in a UX/UI role.Strong knowledge of user-centred design methodologies and
techniquesExperience interpreting and making design recommendations
based on web analytics (eg. Google Analytics)Excellent written and verbal communication skillsAbility to work independently as well as in cross-functional teamsThorough understanding of digital technologies and trendsExperience working with wireframing/prototyping tools such as
Sketch & InvisionExperience with mobile-first responsive design
Desired:


Good understanding of online technologies (eg. HTML, CSS,
Javascript, AJAX)

Online retail, travel or transactional website experience

Native mobile app experience

Experience working with Usabilla surveys

Experience working with VWO (A/B testing tool)

Experience in working in Agile methodologies

Accredited qualification in User Experience, Interaction Design. Human Computer Interaction or similar.

Please apply now or feel free to call Thomas Scriven on +61 732 588 438 for a confidential discussion. Job Reference:
4B/25787Who We Are
Here at Walkerscott we love innovation, flexibility, big ideas and those that challenge convention. We're an agile, action oriented systems and data focused consultancy who pride ourselves in being the team that gets stuff done. We exist to provide capabilities
 and expertise around the application of technology to improve business processes. In short, we make clever happen.
As an ERP Software Developer, you will be working closely with the ERP Team to deliver innovative cloud solutions to our clients in an agile environment.
The Role
We are currently looking for an ERP Software Developer to join our growing team. The role will be a key member of our ERP team delivering customised implementations of cloud based ERP systems across New Zealand and Australia.
To be successful in this role you must have three or more years commercial experience in Software Development, Applications Development, Full Stack Dev and/or similar roles.
As part of a small team you will be involved in pre-sales, design and development phases.
Any prior experience developing in ERP frameworks such an MYOB Advanced, Acumatica, NetSuite, Microsoft Dynamics GP, NAV or AX; or SAP Business One would be highly regarded.
Your key responsibilities will include the following:

Providing Pre-sales technical resource to assist with the sales processWorking with Consultants interpreting client requirements and translating them into clever technology based scoping and technical design specificationsDeveloping to satisfy the technical specifications for the Consulting team. development team, through to the testing and implementation of the solutionAssist with the testing and implementation of the solution.Assure that documentation, internal systems and code repositories are always up to date
You will have:

Three or more years in Software Dev, Applications dev, Full Stack Dev and/or similar rolesStrong C#/ .Net skillsSQLMVCJavascriptDetailed understanding of Web TechnologiesAgile environmentsMust be an enthusiastic, passionate team player with outstanding communication and interpersonal skillsIT Degree or relevant qualificationsAn eye for detail and a focus on qualityGood analytical, troubleshooting and problem-solving skills.Good organisational, task management, and prioritisation skills with the ability to meet deadlines
If you would like to pick up your next challenge and work with a team of highly professional consultants, then we would love to meet you. We offer an excellent work environment, strong support, and competitive remuneration. This role has significant potential
 for the right candidate as we grow our ERP team.
Please note we will only be considering candidates who are available to work in our Wellington or Sydney office immediately.Web Developer
      
      
Lime Recruitment is currently recruiting a Web Developer contract for a large Queensland government based in the Brisbane CBD.  The contract is initially until 15/10/17 with the option to extend.
The Web Developer will be responsible for the design and development of websites, web solutions and the provision of technical support to internal clients, using the Squiz Matrix content management platform.  The Web developer will work closely with business
 users, IT teams, system owners and administrators.
You will:

Develop websites Build web solutions Build re-useable components for the Squiz Matrix content management platform 
Provision of technical support to internal clients Troubleshooting and fixing issues with the Squiz Matrix platform Technical and support documentation Actively participating in team process improvement activities
You will have:

Minimum 3 - 5  years web development experience Demonstrated experience using CSS, Javascript and jQuery Experience working with large content management systems - Squiz Matrix (preferred), Sitecore, Teamsite or Sharepoint
Proven capability in delivering good quality solutions and technical documentation.
Strong communication skills. Ability to work using agile system development practices
This position closes shortly so APPLY NOW or for more information contact Paul Benelisha on 0432 717 634 or email paul@limejobs.com.au.  Lime Recruitment is Queensland owned and operated and is a Tier 1 preferred supplier to Queensland Government. For more
 information, visit www.limerecruitment.com.au.Are you a Front End Developer looking to take the next step in your career? Are you looking for a role in an established and successful international company, one that is expanding quickly with lots of opportunities for growth? Then we may have the opportunity
 for you.
iVvy is developing software as a service products for our thousands of events organisers. This is where you come in. We need a senior web designer on the team with the following requirements:

An impressive portfolio that shows a variety of projects and design styles, An Expert in Photoshop, and Illustrator, Experience with Git A excellent understanding of modern HTML, Javascript and CSS, Experience in creating cross-browser, cross-platform software/websites, Experience with front end libraries like bootstrap, angular and node A logical mind and strong problem solving abilities, with a strong attention to detail,
Good communication skills, and a host of good ideas, and
The day to day role will include;

Creating interfaces for our software  Converting those designs to HTML, CSS and Javascript Working on the iVvy website
The position is part-time, based in our wonderful Gold Coast location. Salary will be determined on skills, experience but most importantly on attitude.
We have a fantastic team of software developers, graphic designers, support personnel and marketers and we pride ourselves on our work-hard, play-hard attitude. When we're not engrossed in our work we're holding Foosball tournaments, Nerf wars or group expeditions
 to Paintball, so we really are a unique and fun, but productive office to work in.
If you feel you are the right person for the job check out our products and tools online at www.ivvy.com

        
        
          James Greig
1300 004 889Web Developer
        
        
        
        
          Work in Brisbane CBD
          
          Public Transport 
          
          Government Department Contract with possible extention 
          
        
        Our Client in Government is seeking the services of a Web Developer who will be responsible for the design and development of websites, web solutions and the provision of technical support to internal clients, using the Squiz Matrix content management
 platform. The Web developer will work closely with business users, IT teams, system owners and administrators.

Key Responsibilities:
• Develop websites
• Build web solutions
• Build re-useable components for the Squiz Matrix content management platform
• Provision of technical support to internal clients
• Troubleshooting and fixing issues with the Squiz Matrix platform
• Technical and support documentation
• Actively participating in team process improvement activities

Essential Qualifications / Certifications or Skills
• Minimum 3 - 5 years web development experience
• Demonstrated experience using CSS, Javascript and jQuery
• Experience working with large content management systems - Squiz Matrix (preferred), Sitecore, Teamsite or Sharepoint
• Proven capability in delivering good quality solutions and technical documentation.
• Strong communication skills.
• Ability to work using agile system development practices

If this is what you are currently doing or you've done before, please apply online or if you want to know more, call Sonja at 3291 6099.Front End Developer (Mid-Level)
      
      
This software product company has developed an elegant, web and mobile-based suite of solutions for their target market.
Due to continued growth and on-going product development, they require Front End Developers to join their tight-knit team, based out of their funky inner-city office.
Key skills/experience:

HTML, CSS (SASS and/or LESS), JavaScript (AngularJS)Web Services (REST) and WebAPIWorking in a Java/JEE environment (ideal)

      
      The reference number for this job is 174092
        . 
        
        Peoplebank is an equal opportunity employer, actively working with our
        clients in achieving their diversity targets. We encourage all
        experienced applicants to apply for this role. 
        
        Please click the "Apply for this job" button belowJob Description:

Design, Develop and Deploy SAP Cloud solutions Interact and Influence Stakeholders Exceed Customer Expectations
This is a great opportunity for an enthusiastic and self-motivated lateral thinker who is genuinely interested in adding SAP Technology to their core skill set. It will create a unique opportunity to have the combination of cloud solution development and
 SAP. You will need boundless energy, a naturally confident and creative mind, good initiative and have an inquisitive nature. You will also want to thrive in a dynamic environment that will recognise and support your professional development.
Your duties will include:

Liaise closely with our team and customers to design, develop and deliver solutions that provide tangible results.  Our Cloud applications are end-user oriented and sustained usage of the application is a key measurable outcome;
Work closely with other team members and customers in both a mentoring and trusted adviser role; and
Delivery of high quality and efficient Cloud based solutions that comply with standards and design principles, which meet our customer's needs.
To Be Considered you must have:

Minimum 3 year's experience in design, development and deployment of Software Solutions;
Minimum 1 year experience with Cloud Solution development Experience in leading discussions and presentations to drive decisions across groups of stakeholders;
Experience with either one or more of the following technologies: Javascript, ABAP, SQL, Java;
Proven "web frontend development" experience  An appreciation and broad experience across technology disciplines, including project management, business processes, information architecture and industry best practices.
You will need to have solid communication skills who is keen to learn and can adapt to change. If this sounds like you then please apply now and we'll get in touch to discuss further.
Please ensure you have the appropriate Australian working rights, before applying. Only candidates with these rights will be considered.Ruby on Rails Developer
      
      Remote Access Available
      
      
        Experienced RoR Developer
        
        Remote Access Possible
        
        12 Month Contract
        
      
      
12 month contract role for a RoR Developer based on the Gold Coast with remote access available

Your new company
A major employer on the Gold Coast, this multinational company has been experiencing a huge amount of growth through its traditional channels and acquisitions. An exciting pipeline of new and ongoing projects has seen the need to bring on an experienced RoR
 developer on a 12 month contract. This is a rare opportunity to work in a high profile product based dev environment.

Your new role
Reporting to the Development Lead, the successful candidate will be able complete all phases of software development life cycle including analysis, design, functionality, testing and support of new and existing web applications. You will also be a reliable
 team player while being able to work independently and have the ability to communicate at all levels of the company.

What you'll need to succeed
The successful candidate will have a proven advanced background in Ruby on Rails Development, Javascript, jQuery, HTML, Advanced CSS, specifically responsive design API consumption MySQL.

What you'll get in return
A greatly hourly rate and the opportunity to work remotely is on offer for this 12 month contract with this Gold Coast based powerhouse.

What you need to do now
For more information please contact Tracey Hema on (07) 5667 5250 or email tracey.hema@hays.com.au [mailto:tracey.hema@hays.com.au]

      
      
      Reference Number:
        1891523
      
      
      To apply please click
        the 'Apply' button below.Thrive is a boutique web design and development studio based in Burleigh Heads. We are a small but growing company. We have a fun and relaxed working environment. See - thriveweb.com.au
We are looking for a person with an amazing flair for design with front end development skills. Please provide a sample of your design work. 
As well as design you must be able to build clean, fast loading hand-coded web pages with smooth animations and scrolling effects. Along with HTML and CSS you should have experience with Javascript, Git, Node, WordPress, PHP, and have working knowledge of
 Databases.
Please send a link to your online portfolio to jobs@thriveweb.com.au
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $65,000.00 / year
Job Location:
Burleigh Heads QLD 4220
===
Requirements:
- Design skills with an impressive self made website portfolio of recent work.
- Completion of a relevant post secondary education study.
- You must be a professional, efficient, forward thinking, progressive, self-motivated individual. 
- Excellent understanding of UI development for mobile and web, technology trends, and demonstrable design skills 
- Proven passion for all things digital (web, tablets, mobile, video, social) 
- Up-to-date with the latest UI trends, techniques, and technologies 

Proficient in:
- WordPress 
- Adobe Suite 
- SVG animation
- Designing and Hand Coding Front & Back end design
- PHP
- JavaScript - AJAX
- HTML & CSS
- Ecommerce
===
Other strict prerequisites: 
- Minimum 2-3 years of experience, post-graduation, working as a Web Designer.
- Strong visual presentation skills
- Creative agency experience
- Strong focus on responsive design with emphasis on best practices
All the best,Full Stack PHP Developer (Drupal)
      
      A Boutique Creative Agency is expanding and looking to bring on a talented Full Stack PHP Developer with Drupal Experience.

What you will be doing on a day to day basis:
• Specifying and designing solutions that meet the needs of a client
• Building and maintaining those solutions in a fast moving, agency environment
• Understanding and digesting client requirements and advising producers by cogently feeding back what is both achievable and technically possible
• Scheduling your own workload based on current and future projects

Requirements (the client’s ideal candidate will have): 
• Proven Experience in a Full Stack PHP Developer position
• Demonstrable experience with PHP
• Must have Drupal/Wordpress experience
• Experience on MVC frameworks (Symfony, Laravel, Zend, Yii)
• Experience on HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript
• Working knowledge on Git/SVN

Don’t miss out on this opportunity! Interviews are being arranged now.

To apply, press APPLY or please send a copy of your most recent CV and Cover Letter n.bui@pearsonfrank.com or, contact directly on +61 03 9088 3718 to discuss your experience and the role in more detail.

I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any PHP/Java/Web developers that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the PHP/Java/Web
 market and some of the opportunities and PHP/Java/Web jobs that are available I can be contacted on +613 9088 3718 by phone or n.bui@pearsonfrank.com by e-mail. Please see www.pearsonfrank.com for more fantastic opportunities!


Pearson Frank is an equal opportunity employer, actively working with our clients in achieving their diversity targets. We encourage all experienced applicants to apply for this role.

PHP / Web / Web Developer / Full Stack Developer /Drupal / JavaScript / Angular / React /HTML/ CSS /Digital Agency / Melbourne / Australia / Pearson Frank


Nigel Frank International is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.We are looking for a Senior Android and iOS Application Developer to design, develop, test, document, deploy, support and sustain the mobile applications of various clients. He/she will be closely working with the client and other departments to ensure the
 success of the mobile application.
Responsibilities:

Design and implement iOS and Android technologies. Work closely Integration and data architect to understand business and data flow.  
Perform CI and SIT service testing in development environments. Troubleshoot and help to fix the issues raised during different phases. Participate in code and test case review to make sure it has been implemented as per the business requirement. 
Experience & Qualifications:

Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's/College Degree, Computer Science/Information Technology or equivalent.
A minimum of 3+ years' experience in Android/iOS Application development Candidate should have very good java knowledge and android platform/application development skills with hands on experience. 
Candidates with a senior profile should also have team leading experience.
Experience in payment related projects highly desirable
Must Have :

Core Android and iOS Experience Core Java Knowledge with Product Development Experience Android/iOS UI expertise Experience in Java Design Patterns Encryption/Certificate Android/iOS Platform Experience Payment Domain expertise Excellent Communication skills
Desired Skills:

Strong background/experience in Web Development - HTML, CSS, JavaScript, or JQuery
Experience with TDD and BDD development  Experience in CI/CD development environment Self-starter who is passionate about working and learning Good visual design sense and creative drive Must be a quick learner and be adaptable to new technologies Ability to multitask and strong time management and organisational skills
We are only looking for self-driven top performers focused on delivery.  If you are interested in pursuing a rewarding career by being a part of an organisation committed to the growth of its customers and employees equally , please send your Resume
 in Word and we will get in touch with you ASAP.Lead Software Engineer - Northern Beaches based business - Ruby/Rails
      
      
 Lead Software Engineer

Permanent l up to $120k + super

This business based on the Northern Beaches, are looking to double their development team due to organic growth, investment and project wins. Currently the team stands at 9 polyglot developers, which consists of Ruby/Rails, React.js/Redux, Native iOS and Native
 Android all running on Heroku. The beauty about this role, is that it's an opportunity to learn new/different technology. The owners are happy to train you up, if you've an interest in learning iOS or React.js or both... 

You'll be working on a platform that essentially is a gamification of your finances. The platform looks & analyses your in-goings and out-goings, and embeds social game mechanics - to reward, task, recognise the customers needs. This platform is then sold to
 the banks.

I'm looking for candidates that has ideally  used Ruby/Rails on a commercial front, although we're willing to speak to engineers that have used other functional programming languages e.g. Java, Python... At heart, you need to be an engineer, with solid computer
 science principles. This is a chance to take ownership of the features you build and be passionate about the code too. They work in an agile environment with stand ups daily, TDD & CI, with everyone coding in teams of 2 - 4. 

Ideally your Tech Skills will look like this;

Experience with Ruby on Rails, along with other common libraries for testing (RSpec, Capybara, Factory Girl, Cucumber, etc.), authentication (Devise, Authlogic), authorisation (CanCan, Declarative Authorization), etc.
Great understanding of the syntax of Ruby and its nuances and the ability to write clean, readable Ruby code
Solid understanding of object-oriented programming Experience writing automated tests, i.e. unit tests, integration tests, UI tests, etc.
Basic understanding of front-end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, and SASS
Familiarity with software design concepts such as MVC, Mocking, ORM, and REST
Understanding of fundamental design principles behind a scalable application Able to create database schemas that represent and support business processes
Proficient with Git and JIRA Familiarity with development tools such as Bower, Bundler, Rake, etc. Some experience with cryptography as it applies to SSL, HMACs and secure storage.

This great opportunity offers a competitive salary and a downright cool job. 
Do you like the sound of this? A fun, collaborative, team based environment? If so and you have the skills for this role, CLICK APPLY or get in touch! 
 
If this position not quite the right one then don't worry! We always have a wide range of different and awesomely fantastic jobs going that are all things digital :) Who knows, we may just have that special something you've been looking for.

Sam Lawson
sam@justdigitalpeople.com.auSenior Java Engineer
          
          
            Full time permanent position located just outside the CBD
            
            Salary up to $120,000 base plus super
            
            Work with the latest technologies with a cutting edge company
            
          
          
About the job...
As a Sr. Software Engineer at this company, you will work on a small team of high-performance developers who are using Lean and Agile development frameworks for a new product launch of a SAAS-based MRO Inventory Forecasting solution running on Amazon Web
 Services (AWS).
What you will be responsible and held accountable for...

Cranking out high-quality code that scales Interpret requirements and develop required functionality as requested Provide full agile development services including scoping meetings, coding, testing, and documentation
Provide input and suggestions about how products can be architected using proven technologies that scales
Apply high-quality engineering principles and standards, with a focus on software longevity and low total cost of ownership for the company
Provide estimates on development effort, and commit and deliver to estimated timeframes or communicate variances and issues to the relevant scrum master
Providing feedback and development opportunities for potential improvements Work as part of a global, cross functional, resource sharing team 
 
What skills do you need...

Relevant Tertiary Qualification (e.g. Bachelor of Technology) Experience developing large commercial web applications and back-ends with intimate knowledge of the full-stack architecture (5+ years).
Strong RESTful web service design and development experience (3+ years). Strong understanding of design factors leading to high performance web applications.
Implementation of domain-driven design. Strong skills in database design, SQL query performance and optimization. Strong unit test experience. Java development experience (7-10 years). Experience with front-end development including CSS, AngularJS, HTML5, JavaScript.
JPA/Hibernate (4+ years) 
And qualifications...
To be considered for this position it is key that applicants have demonstrated experience building software applications that scale to large amounts of data and previous commercial exposure in building Single Page Applications. The ideal candidate will be
 experienced in micro services architecture design and continuous integration. Strong interpersonal skills and ability to maintain a pragmatic design approach, is essential. As is a willingness to be a team player who supports and engages an adaptable and flexible
 approach. Experience with Elasticsearch, column-oriented DBMS, clustered computing, and temporal tables is desirable. What we offer in return is the opportunity to be part of a dynamic business with a fast-paced environment and highly collaborative team.
Some info on the company...
This company’s systems (specialised in maintenance, repair, and operations) cuts cost and mitigates risk for some of the world's largest energy and resources companies. Their cloud-based technology platform, combined with consulting, master data, and analyst
 services, make advanced analytics simply accessible, eliminating the need to hire in-house analysts or struggle with dirty data. They are proud to serve many of the world's leading companies in the oil and gas, mining, utilities industries. Their dedication,
 growth and development have led them to have more than:

$10 billion of inventory under management 8 million unique stock items under management Hundreds of installed sites in over 30 countries Nearly a quarter century of MRO optimization experience 99% client retention over a rolling five-year period 
You can call Chris Fotinos in our Brisbane office on (07) 3295 7427 quoting job reference 498450, or alternatively, apply here to register your interest.
People are at the heart of every successful business initiative. At TEKsystems (formerly Talent2), we understand people. Our deep insights into human capital management enable us to help our clients achieve their business goals...while optimising their IT
 workforce strategies. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. Allegis Group is the global leader in talent solutions with over 15,000 employees, 500 locations, 130,000 contractors and $12B in revenue.Ruby on Rails Developer
      
      Remote Access Available
      
      
        Experienced RoR Developer
        
        Remote Access Possible
        
        12 Month Contract
        
      
      
12 month contract role for a RoR Developer based on the Gold Coast with remote access available

Your new company
A major employer on the Gold Coast, this multinational company has been experiencing a huge amount of growth through its traditional channels and acquisitions. An exciting pipeline of new and ongoing projects has seen the need to bring on an experienced RoR
 developer on a 12 month contract. This is a rare opportunity to work in a high profile product based dev environment.

Your new role
Reporting to the Development Lead, the successful candidate will be able complete all phases of software development life cycle including analysis, design, functionality, testing and support of new and existing web applications. You will also be a reliable
 team player while being able to work independently and have the ability to communicate at all levels of the company.

What you'll need to succeed
The successful candidate will have a proven advanced background in Ruby on Rails Development, Javascript, jQuery, HTML, Advanced CSS, specifically responsive design API consumption MySQL.

What you'll get in return
A greatly hourly rate and the opportunity to work remotely is on offer for this 12 month contract with this Gold Coast based powerhouse.

What you need to do now
For more information please contact Tracey Hema on (07) 5667 5250 or email tracey.hema@hays.com.au [mailto:tracey.hema@hays.com.au]

      
      
      Reference Number:
        1891502
      
      
      To apply please click
        the 'Apply' button below.,.Net Developer
      
      
      
      
        Sydney CBD
        
        Household Brand
        
        Innovative environment
        
      
      
.Net Software Developer required in Sydney CBD on a perm basis to implement a large scale platform

Your new company
This National Media firm with state of the art offices Sydney CBD are looking for a .Net developer to join them on a permanent basis. The digital Media Team offers an innovative and supportive work environment where career development and forward thinking is
 actively encouraged. You will be joining a household name who values their staff

Your new role
You’ll join a small team to work on their leading edge solutions. The role will be centred on designing, building and extending their large scale consumer applications. The team is run on an agile methodology, you will be required to contribute at daily stand
 ups and interact with teams and stakeholders across Australia to build a more efficient platform to aid this organisations growth strategy.

What you'll need to succeed
You will have excellent technical knowledge, around 4+ Years, of C# ASP .NET, MVC, and .Net Core. You’ll have demonstrated experience of working with REST API’s, Web Service, concurrency, SOA and Windows Services. You’ll have a good understanding of HTML/CSS
 and Javascript technologies with SOLID design principles. CMS Development, i.e Sitecore or Umbraco is desirable, as is PHP and Application Performance Management Tools. You will be passionate about the latest technology and trends and an excellent communicator

What you'll get in return
You’ll receive an excellent remuneration package in a supportive and forward thinking environment. You’ll want to develop your career within a household brand with excellent benefits. You’ll be working on the latest technologies and be part of team where contributions
 and recommendations are openly accepted.

What you need to do now
If you’re interested in this role, click ‘apply now’ or for more information and a confidential discussion on this role or any others within software development contact Michelle Redbourn at Hays on 02 9249 2246 or email Michelle.Redbourn@hays.com.au.

      
      
      Reference Number:
        1869310
      
      
      To apply please click
        the 'Apply' button below.Junior PHP Developer
    
    
Progressive are seeking Junior PHP Developers to join a world-leading digital transformation company based in Sydney CDB. You will join a team of experts who take pride in delivering first class digital experiences for their clients. It is an exciting time
 to join a company that strives for the best, working with a progressive blue-chip client base.
As a part of this innovative web and mobile technology company, you will build exciting product in a vibrant environment, and regularly communicate with the product team to drive the product forward.
About you:

Excellent communication skillsEye for detailTeam playerExperience working in Agile environments
Requirements:

3+ years’ experience working in a similar role Excellent JavaScript skills, plain JavaScript and ES6jQueryExcellent responsive CSS skills, CSS pre-processors: SASS/LESS, Animations and TransformationsExcellent PHP Skills, ideally experience with Yii2 but PHP MVC experience is ok
Desirable:

ReactJS ExperienceExperience with MongoDBExperience with Docker
Extra bonus points if you have experience with:

Node.JSTask runners and bundlers: Gulp, WebpackOther server side languages: RoR, .NetDatabase: My SQL, MongoDB, Redis NoSQL, PostgreSQLDevelopment tools: Vagrant, Docker, VirtualBox, AnsibleRapid prototyping: Balsamiq, MeteorJSOther tools: GitAgile software development methodologies
Apply today to be considered and someone from Progressive will be in touch.
You must have full working rights in Australia*

To find out more about Progressive Recruitment please visit www.progressiverecruitment.comGovCms Environment Developer | 3 month contract
      
      We are seeking a highly experienced GovCms Environment Developer to join a large Government client for a short-term contract role.
 

ACT OR NSW LOCATION3 MONTH CONTRACT + 2x 1 MONTH EXTENSIONAUSTRALIAN CITIZENS ONLY
 
Duties and Responsibilities:

Accountable for the design development and delivery of multiple interactive forms on the Drupal 7 - GovCms environment.Accountable for the development and delivery of a "NEW" REST API that will reside on Microsoft Azure platform which will facilitate access initially to an SQL database
 
Skills:

Hands on development experience with Drupal 7 and preferably Govcms. Demonstrated experience with web applications and programming languages such as HTML, CSS, Javascript, JQuery and API's Hands on design and development experience with web services such as REST, SOAP Strong design knowledge and ability to adhere to existing design guidelines Possess a strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to government web design Responsible to ensure project is delivered on time and to the required standard Liaise with stakeholders to identify business requirements Develop and maintain a network with others internally and externally, build relationships with team members, management and a range of stakeholders Responsible for documentation and knowledge share for transition of work. 
 
To apply for this opportunity, please contact Lauren Fyfe on 02 6285 3500 or click the "APPLY NOW' button below.
 
Ref no: JO-1707-510825Senior PHP Developer
    
    
Progressive are seeking Senior PHP Developers to join a world-leading digital transformation company based in Sydney CDB. You will join a team of experts who take pride in delivering first class digital experiences for their clients. It is an exciting time
 to join a company that strives for the best, working with a progressive blue-chip client base.

As a part of this innovative web and mobile technology company, you will build exciting product in a vibrant environment, and regularly communicate with the product team to drive the product forward.

About you:


Excellent communication skillsEye for detailTeam playerExperience working in Agile environments
Requirements:


5+ years’ experience working in a similar roleExcellent JavaScript skills, plain JavaScript and ES6jQueryExcellent responsive CSS skills, CSS pre-processors: SASS/LESS, Animations and TransformationsExcellent PHP Skills, ideally experience with Yii2 but PHP MVC experience is ok
Desirable:


ReactJS ExperienceExperience with MongoDBExperience with Docker
Extra bonus points if you have experience with:


Node.JSTask runners and bundlers: Gulp, WebpackOther server side languages: RoR, .NetDatabase: My SQL, MongoDB, Redis NoSQL, PostgreSQLDevelopment tools: Vagrant, Docker, VirtualBox, AnsibleRapid prototyping: Balsamiq, MeteorJSOther tools: GitAgile software development methodologies
Apply today to be considered and a consultant from Progressive will be in touch.

You must have full working rights in Australia*


To find out more about Progressive Recruitment please visit www.progressiverecruitment.comThe Client:
  
Our client is a leading digital communications company that provides truly innovative technology solutions! 
  
The business is looking for two motivated Technical Help Desk / Software Support Engineers with Linux (Ubuntu) knowledge/experience to be responsible for all client interaction relating to installation, support, break fix and
resolution of software and hardware issues.

Responsibilities:  

Provide phone and email support, or remote assistance, to all clients Liaise with external clients and internal stakeholders to provide solutions and ensure service level agreements are met
Troubleshoot, respond and resolve software/hardware issues  Identify and diagnose bugs. Collaborate with the development team to assist with resolution
Address and resolve support tickets from the ticketing system Provide basic network support Physical build of media player hardware and installation of software (basic assembly, installing hard drives, and RAM)
Compose knowledge articles on resolutions provided for future internal/external use
Proactive communication to clients and team on task status and resolution plans
QC of software functionality (low level tech, good at following QC procedure and documenting how issues occur)
Testing of software releases, documentation and feedback to development team 
What Skills you'll need to have:  

Experience providing Level 3 Systems Technical Support to clients
Previous commercial experience using Linux ­(Ubuntu) and SSH
Understanding of Server Side and Decoupled Software Architecture Web browser console debugging Good knowledge of scripting (e.g. JavaScript, basic PHP etc) Experience in technical support Ability to multi-task, possess excellent time and priority management skills and a have a self-motivated attitude
An eagerness to learn and high work ethic is highly desirable Brilliant troubleshooting skills and experience in a pressurised environment Experience with server hardware and software support in networking environments
Current driver's license Excellent communication skills and commitment to helping customers resolve their IT issues is a must!

What's on Offer:  

Brand new modern, open plan offices Building software predominately for one of the largest corporations in the world
Fun, friendly, supportive working environment VR headset, basketball team, oztag team, free pilates classes, plus you will work across the road from a brewery, bowling alley, and laser tag!
Growing team offering lots of potential career progression Over 7,000 media players around the world are using this software so it has massive reach!
Work with the latest technologies Join an innovative company that is focused on helping businesses deliver an engaging experience to customers

A key requirement for this role is flexibility around working hours, as you will be required to work weekends and after-hours as part of a rotating roster.

This is an exciting opportunity for Technical Help Desk / Software Support Analysts to join and grow your career within an established organisation. There will be commitment to support you, develop your skills and help you progress through the business.

You just need the right attitude - get up and go, enthusiasm, and drive to work hard and continue learning!

Recent Graduates with commercial experience or knowledge in the above technical areas are also welcomed.

This opportunity is not to be missed so if you fit the bill then make sure you apply today!Contribute to the success of the product with your ideas

Product role working on latest tech

Autonomous role in a grown up environment 

We are looking for a talented and passionate Software Engineer to join a small, well established business who's been around for a long time.  In a niche market, developing an agile product in the 'Internet of Thing' space.
  

You will be part of a tech team of 6 in Melbourne, working on the latest cutting edge technologies in a super flexible environment.  The manager of this team is outcome focused and a gun developer himself so you'll be working with a team of super smart developers! 

Experience required: 

5+ years development experience Full Stack experience ideal, or more back end Focussed in C#
Experience with C#, ASP.Net Javascript: ideally some ReactJS, EmberJS, AngularJS Experience with Azure would be helpful Any experience with NodeJS/Typescript would be a major advantage

This is a great opportunity to step in to a successful, still small but growing business that is well established.  Work on a cool product with the latest technologies under flexible work hours in a grown up environment. 

We are looking for passionate and talented developers who can really make a big difference.  What does this mean?  You ideally have a github/bitbucket account and enjoy contributing to the online world.  You enjoy reading/writing blogs about stuff you are passionate
 about and might go to a meet up in your spare time. 

Salary: $ dependant on experience
Location: About 10 mins on Public transport from the city (option to drive to work with parking)

Apply now, or if you require more info, please contact Lindie Graham on 0386373336 or email me directly at lindie.graham@pra.com.au or connect with me for future opportunities and market updates https://www.linkedin.com/in/lindie/
      
      Lindie Graham
0386373336LOOK: Solution Architect, Artificial Intelligence SME, High Tech Leader, PERM
      
      
      
      
        Newly Created Influential Role, High Tech Leader
        
        Highly Competititive Salary Package & Benefits / Bonus
        
        Melbourne CBD, PERM role, DRIVE INNOVATION
        
      
      APPLY NOW: Are you passionate about helping customers implement innovative AI & Machine Learning solutions, solving complex technical problems? Would you like to work with & further develop the latest AI & Machine Learning Technologies? 

Join the leader in the deployment of AI and usage of associated services such as Machine Learning. We're looking for someone passionate and deeply excited about AI, devoted to helping customers understand how AI can make a big difference to their businesses.

Currently we have significant role available for a Solution Architect - Artificial Intelligence SME that will see you responsible for helping customers understand the value proposition of AI, creating the most compelling content to help customers
 understand the use cases and value propositions, and building the right programs to increase awareness and adoption. 

You will strengthen this Org's ability to deliver AI and Machine Learning Services. You will influence customers to invest in ground breaking AI & Machine learning systems. You will engage with some of the most innovative start-up environments, building the
 capabilities, working closely with developers

We are seeking a Solution Architect with credibility in the (AI) Artificial Intelligence and Machine Leaning space. Ideally you will have a related PhD, experienced with Spark, Hive, Big Data tools, C, C++, Python and JavaScript programming.

This is a highly interactive role that will see you interact with teams locally and internationally to further develop a new AI Service / Product Offerings. You will go into client environments to understand their needs. You will then go and develop the new
 product offering, starting with the customer's needs, then working backwards from there.

ESSENTIAL QUALIFICATIONS:
• Very strong understanding and experience in the field of AI and related technologies. Deep experience developing AI models in real-world environments.
• Significant experience deploying ML models. Significant experience developing AI solutions and passion for getting hands dirty with code e.g. Familiar using ML Platforms/Tools like MXNet, Cafee, Spark MLlib, TensorFlow
• Experience using Cloud Computing Technologies and related emerging technology
• Strong technical architecture, design, deployment and operational level knowledge of AI platforms, standards, protocols and devices
• • 5+ years professional experience in software development in languages like C, C++, NodeJS / Javascript, Python. Experience working with RESTful API and general service oriented architectures
• Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as the ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations and virtual teams.
• A talent for being able to influence and build mindshare convincingly with any audience. Confident and experienced in public speaking to large audiences.
 
DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS:
• PhD or Advanced Degree in related technology
• 5 or more years in consultative technical sales or professional services with a proven track record of success. Ability to gain credibility and build relationships with all levels in an organisation, from technical experts to senior executives.
• Familiar with AWS Cloud Services.
• Experience with AWS services related to AI/ML highly desirable, particularly AWS, Lambda, Machine Learning, IoT, DynamoDB, EMR etc

This High Tech Org is expanding its focus on making AI more accessible to developers. One of the ways we're doing that today is through our machine learning services. In their view, machine learning should be made easy for developers of all skill levels without
 having to learn complex algorithms and technology.

This is a great opportunity - To apply, please submit your CV via the portal by clicking the APPLY NOW button below.

You can also contact Charlie directly at: cmolino@nbridgeit.com

Charlie Molino
(02) 9037 4055
0450 253 077
Northbridge IT Recruitment
9-13 Young Street, Circular Quay, 
Sydney, NSW, 2000
For this and other opportunities please visit: 
www.northbridgerecruitment.com/content/OpenVacancies
      
      www.northbridgerecruitment.com
        
        Northbridge IT | Development | Business Services | Enterprise Solutions | Infrastructure
        
        Get There, Go North!Java - Full Stack Java Engineer - Banking, Microservices, AWS
      
      Java - Back End Engineer

About the Company
This is one of Australian's most progressive, successful and dynamic companies to date. With continuous growth over the last 30 years and offices in Melbourne and Sydney.  
 
The Engineering Crew
The Engineering team is currently at 60 and are strong believers in Agile, continuous integration and continuous deployment. They follow the extreme programming methods in Agile and TDD with scrum teams no bigger then 10. 
 
The Gig
We specialise on integration projects and are looking for an Engineering mindset. With numerous large Java based applications that integrate with various platforms we are looking for someone who has good experience building RESTful APi's. Any exposure
 with Angular.js, AWS, Docker, kafka, storm, zookeeper and Cassandra would be great.

About You
For this role will display a strong sense of ownership, motivation, and attention to detail.  You sincerely care about writing clean code and you want to work with others with the same mindset and attributes. 

What technology you already need to know well:
Java
Microservices 
Object Oriented Programming 
Spring MVC
Test Driven Development (JUnit)
Continuous integration 
Continuous deployment
RESTful APIs 
Agile / Scrum
Exceptional Communication Skills
Linux
Exposure to any modern JavaScript framework
Angular.js - Preferred 

Job Features and Benefits
Get exposure to AWS and learn on the job
Work with smart engineers in a true Agile environment
New state of the art offices
Flexible working hours - its all about the delivery 
Great daily ratesSenior Ruby Developer
      
      
ABOUT THE ROLE
The Senior Developer sits within the Developer line of business, headed up by Joseph Lyons. The Developer team works with property developers to promote their Projects and New Homes through a suite of world class display and classified media products across
 Australia’s favourite property websites and mobile apps, realestate.com.au and realcommercial.com.au. When you join the Developer team, you join a cross-functional group of high-achievers representing product, IT, sales and marketing, supported by PR, communications,
 HR, finance, legal - all the people you need to provide exceptional products and services to Australia’s property developer community. The team is responsible for ensuring the needs of property developers are always at the forefront, as well as creating products
 our consumers love and customers’ value.

The role is in the Property Platform squad, where you’ll be working on an exciting new product in the wholesale property market. If you want to feel the buzz of a start-up whilst having the backing of a stable and secure company then this is the role for you!

WHAT YOU’LL BE DOING
We are looking for a Senior Developer who is passionate about software quality and someone who can apply a commercial mindset to their work ensuring it achieves business outcomes. You will be working collaboratively with other developers/designers to help design,
 implement, deploy and maintain new products in the wholesale property market.

Designing, implementing, testing and deploying new software products using a variety of technologies and platformsContribute to the overall technical solution designWork across the full stack with a focus on web technologies including Ruby, JavaScript (React experience a plus), HTML5 and CSS3Working in an agile team, where we value iterative experimentation and data driven decisions (collaboration with UX specifically)Learning - we are constantly learning together, mentoring each other and striving to do things betterWork with product to understand business priorities and communicate technical options, report on progress and express ideasProviding technical mentoring and guidance to less experienced members of the team

WHAT WE’RE AFTER

Advanced skills in Ruby and RailsIntermediate skills in React + ReduxAdvanced skills in core web development technologies such as JavaScript, HMTL and CSSAdvanced skills in building full stack web products using open source and cloud technologies.Advanced skills in modern software development techniques such as object orientation, test driven development, micro-services and continuous deliveryAdvanced skills in modern web application frameworks and libraries and design patternsAdvanced skills in implementing solutions that scale and perform for millions of usersAble to communicate and collaborate effectively with business stakeholders

WHAT IT IS LIKE TO WORK WITH US?
Each team has around 10 people who collectively represent technology, business, and product and work together to maintain existing products while building new capabilities for the business. Each day we get together, talk about what we've just done, what we're
 about to do then work together during the day. We believe strongly in pairing, testing, continuous delivery. Each week we participate in guilds across the company to keep our skills sharp and increase our impact, and in team retrospectives where we keep track
 of how our team is going. Your manager acts as a mentor to help guide you and your career, instead of being someone who monitors your day to day.

We're committed to creating inclusive, safe environments where anyone, no matter their background, can contribute and succeed. Our people are our greatest asset. Without them, we would not be the successful business that we are today. That’s why we offer a
 range of benefits to ensure we hire and retain great staff.

WHAT YOU GET BEYOND A GREAT REMUNERATION PACKAGE?

An annual reward and recognition program for staff who are kicking goals throughout the yearOnsite health and wellbeing programs, including yoga and meditation classes, a relaxation pod and weekly massagesA day off for volunteer leave, to ensure you have the opportunity to give back to your communityAn Employee Community Grants program to show you that we care about your community just as much as you doFlexible working arrangements3 days every 3 months in our regular hackathon - See http://hackday.realestate.com.auIndustry leading parental leave policyREA even treats you on your birthday by giving you a day off!

HOW TO APPLY
If you like the sound of us, then we think you should throw your hat in the ring. Please click Apply and make it happen!

While we take a look at your application, we encourage you to get to know us a bit more through our various social channels.

      
      Does this sound like you?Test Analyst
        
        

a proactive good communicator - great manual tester who has an interest in also developing on / learning automation (protractor - cucumber- javascript)

a proactive - good communicator - great automation tester who has an interest in doing API testing (mocha) as well as calabash ios (cucumber/calabash/ruby) automation



        
        
        
        Programmed supports a workplace culture of zero harm and encourage
          this in all that we do.
          
          Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders are encouraged to apply
          
          programmed.com.auSenior .NET Developer
    
    
About:
Senior .Net Developer required to join a fast growing team to help them develop a range of bespoke enterprise applications across Web, Mobile and Desktop. 

This role will involve the development of new solutions, maintaining existing applications, resolving bugs, along with building unit tests and deployment tests.  
 
Responsibility:

 5+ years .NET development experience (C#)  12+ months ASP.NET MVC, Web API development Solid understanding of Entity Framework and LINQ Cloud experience (Azure/AWS) Agile development experience Solid understanding of object oriented (OO) concepts, TDD Good communication skills
 
Desirable Skills:

IT Degree HTML/CSS, JavaScript/JQuery, Angularjs Continuous Integration Mobile Development WCF
 
For the right candidate who is driven and passionate, there will be endless rewards and unlimited career progression opportunities!
Please call Wessam Elsayed on 03 9935 2872 for more information about the role 

This truly is an role not to miss out on so if you fit the bill then make sure you apply today! 

    
    www.2xmtechnology.com.auSitecore Developer
      
      
      
      
        Sydney CBD
        
        International Brand
        
        Perm Role
        
      
      
ASP.NET/C#/Sitecore developers to build scalable, high-quality and high-performance web applications

Your new company
This international financial institution is seeking a high end developer on a contractual basis to join their large development team. They have a forward thinking and supportive culture with exposure to the latest technologies. Their state of the art offices
 are based in Sydney CBD with many employees living out their careers within the organisation.

Your new role
You’ll join a large team focused on building and upgrading their .Net, Sitecore and web applications, within their business area. You’ll work closely with business analysts and users to Produce and effectively communicate high quality, scalable and maintainable
 system designs that allow efficient delivery of business requirements.

What you'll need to succeed
You’ll have 5+ years experience in the full SDLC of .NET applications using formal methodologies and you must have 3+ years using Sitecore 6.0 upwards. You’ll demonstrate Strong analysis, design and programming skills in Microsoft technologies, including C#.NET,
 Web Services, Web API, Microsoft SQL Server. Excellent skills in JavaScript, Angular JS, JQuery, Bootstrap and CSS are mandatory. The ability to work closely with technical staff, and internal clients and users; and to work in a team environment and contribute
 significantly to team goals vital to this role.

What you'll get in return
You’ll enjoy a fast paced environment in an open plan office where modern technologies are constantly evolving within a well recognised brand with an excellent remuneration package and benefits.

What you need to do now
If you’re interested in this role, click ‘apply now’ or for more information and a confidential discussion on this role or any others within software development contact Michelle Redbourn at Hays on 02 9249 2272 or email Michelle.Redbourn@hays.com.au.

      
      
      Reference Number:
        1794249
      
      
      To apply please click
        the 'Apply' button below.An opportunity for an experienced Senior PHP Developer to join a medium sized well established product based business in Melbourne CBD.  

This role will give you the opportunity to play a key role in the development of new products,  including web products and customer API's while working in a fast growing technology company.

Requirements:  

Full-stack developer with experience working in a LAMP stack environment and can demonstrate advanced PHP and MySQL skills 
You have solid front-end development skills (JavaScript, HTML(5), CSS, Bootstrap, AngularJS);
You have solid experience working with API's (particularly integrating with API's)
You have worked in a mission critical, high availability customer facing production environment;
You have solid experience and understanding of the MVC architectural pattern, including experience with MVC-based PHP Frameworks such as CodeIgniter;
You are extremely competent in the analysis of complex problems and translating these into viable system improvements with high quality code and minimal bugs;

What this role will offer you ... the ability to work in a well established, succesful and growing business developing robust products in PHP.  Work for a business that offers genuine work life balance and where you will have lots of fun at work.

Melbourne CBD based 

For more information or a confidential chat, please contact Lindie Graham on 0386373336 or lindie.graham@pra.com.au



      
      Lindie Graham
0386373336Front End AngularJS Developer
      
      Are you passionate about all things development? Do you want to be a part of a global industry leader? If yes, apply now!

We are currently working with a global industry leader based in Brisbane, looking to employ their next JavaScript/Front-End expert, You'll be working alongside some of Brisbane's best tech talent, implementing features and upgrades to our clients new and existing
 web apps. 

Requirements (Must have):

3+ Years in front-end/web development role Professional experience developing with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery
1.5+ Years experience developing in AngularJS Strong communication and teamwork skills Ability to learn new technical skills 
Non-Essential Requirments:

Experience with ReactJS, VueJS and other JS libraries Diploma/Bachelor degree in computer science/relatable field Work portfolio - Github etc. 
This is an amazing opportunity with the incredible potential to grow. This opportunity won't last long, so hit apply! Or call Rainbird now on 0474710279 / email directly to matthew.r@justdigitalpeople.com.auSolution Architect, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence SME, RARE OPP.
      
      
      
      
        Newly Created Influential Role, High Tech Leader
        
        Highly Competititive Salary Package & Benefits / Bonus
        
        Sydney CBD, PERM role, DRIVE INNOVATION
        
      
      Join the leader in the deployment of AI and usage of associated services such as Machine Learning. We're looking for someone passionate and deeply excited about AI, devoted to helping customers understand how AI can make a big difference to their businesses.

Currently we have significant role available for a Solution Architect - Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning SME that will see you responsible for helping customers understand the value proposition of AI, creating the most compelling
 content to help customers understand the use cases and value propositions, and building the right programs to increase awareness and adoption. 

You will strengthen this Org's ability to deliver AI and Machine Learning Services. You will influence customers to invest in ground breaking AI & Machine learning systems. You will engage with some of the most innovative start-up environments, building the
 capabilities, working closely with developers

We are seeking a Solution Architect with credibility in the (AI) Artificial Intelligence and Machine Leaning space. Ideally you will have a related PhD, experienced with Spark, Hive, Big Data tools, C, C++, Python and JavaScript programming.

This is a highly interactive role that will see you interact with teams locally and internationally to further develop a new AI Service / Product Offerings. You will go into client environments to understand their needs. You will then go and develop the new
 product offering, starting with the customer's needs, then working backwards from there.

ESSENTIAL QUALIFICATIONS:
• Very strong understanding and experience in the field of AI and related technologies. Deep experience developing AI models in real-world environments.
• Significant experience deploying ML models. Significant experience developing AI solutions and passion for getting hands dirty with code e.g. Familiar using ML Platforms/Tools like MXNet, Cafee, Spark MLlib, TensorFlow
• Experience using Cloud Computing Technologies and related emerging technology
• Strong technical architecture, design, deployment and operational level knowledge of AI platforms, standards, protocols and devices
• • 5+ years professional experience in software development in languages like C, C++, NodeJS / Javascript, Python. Experience working with RESTful API and general service oriented architectures
• Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as the ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations and virtual teams.
• A talent for being able to influence and build mindshare convincingly with any audience. Confident and experienced in public speaking to large audiences.
 
DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS:
• PhD or Advanced Degree in related technology
• 5 or more years in consultative technical sales or professional services with a proven track record of success. Ability to gain credibility and build relationships with all levels in an organisation, from technical experts to senior executives.
• Familiar with AWS Cloud Services.
• Experience with AWS services related to AI/ML highly desirable, particularly AWS, Lambda, Machine Learning, IoT, DynamoDB, EMR etc

This High Tech Org is expanding its focus on making AI more accessible to developers. One of the ways we're doing that today is through our machine learning services. In their view, machine learning should be made easy for developers of all skill levels without
 having to learn complex algorithms and technology.

This is a great opportunity - To apply, please submit your CV via the portal by clicking the APPLY NOW button below.

You can also contact Charlie directly at: cmolino@nbridgeit.com

Charlie Molino
(02) 9037 4055
0450 253 077
Northbridge IT Recruitment
9-13 Young Street, Circular Quay, 
Sydney, NSW, 2000
For this and other opportunities please visit: 
www.northbridgerecruitment.com/content/OpenVacancies
      
      www.northbridgerecruitment.com
        
        Northbridge IT | Development | Business Services | Enterprise Solutions | Infrastructure
        
        Get There, Go North!Junior Developer
      
      
      
About the Company
Operating in Australia and New Zealand Ganellen is a vertically integrated business servicing the property and construction industry. Due to consistent and steady growth we are now looking to recruit a Junior Developer to develop and maintain our internal
 systems.
 
You
This role might suit a recent graduate or a student studying a Computer Science, Information Technology (software), Computer Engineering or equivalent Engineering degree. Some experience would be highly regarded. You must be a self-starter and be passionate
 about the industry with a strong work ethic.
 
The Role
To be considered for the position you must have a solid understanding of the below;
 

SharePoint 2013 Design and Implementation SharePoint implementation with Exchange, Active Directory, Files, SQL Server Microsoft Webserver IIS Admin etc .NET Framework ASP.NET Runtime etc Microsoft Visual Studio Microsoft Workflow Manager HTML5, JavaScript and CSS
 
If you are a dynamic person with a passion for the industry then please Apply Now including your resume.
 

      
      For more information please contact 
        Sally–Ann Graham Human Resources (02) 9555 2444ABOUT US
Gee Digital is a small, agile, fast-paced company constantly pushing the envelope with numerous projects for many high-profile clients. Our culture is fluid with a focus on quality code, skills sharing and supporting each other. One thing we can guarantee
 you is that you will be busy and challenged and will have great opportunity to get involved and contribute.

ABOUT THE ROLE
Our ideal candidate will be a team player, studio experienced and totally at home with the following....

SKILLS REQUIRED
Open minded, able to multi task, able to collaborate and be versatile.

Required Skills

PHP WordPress Good written and verbal comm skills And again, good communication skills, internal and external Good organisational skills
Highly desired

Magento Drupal or Joomla Laravel Angular Javascript Frameworks Anything else you are great at
BENEFITS & CULTURE

Remuneration and generous bonus system in place for the right candidate. Ideal office location and modern, bright & energetic work environment Room for growth and fulfilling collaboration Good client base and projects Exceptional juniors will be considered also
HOW TO APPLY
Portfolio pieces to review a must. No sponsorships. No recruiters please.

APPLY NOW VIA SEEK

        
        
          bg@ggg.com.auHead of Engineering
      
      MedicalDirector is looking for an accomplished Head of Engineering to join our passionate team working on industry leading software. You will be responsible for the architectural and technical vision of our software platforms as well as the delivery and
 ongoing development support. This is a hands-on position reporting to the CTO and which includes assisting to build out a high performing team and the continual improvement of development processes across the business.

Responsibilities

Delivering world class software that delights our customers and exceeds the expectations of our business
Leading, building and developing a team of 30+ software developers Sizing, estimations, management and delivery of product backlogs in coordination with other teams
Developing, supporting and promoting an Agile environment across the business
Defining architecture best practices and providing technology oversight Driving code quality through implementation and oversight of unit tests, code reviews and other automated tests
Developmental technology oversight, experimentation, selection and implementation
Engaging across the business to create and refine our software applications and platforms
Development of our devOps capability Managing and supporting scripted, cloud based infrastructure Evangelise the business to the wider development/technology industry. 
Requirements

10+ years engineering/development experience - full stack development (C#, JavaScript)
5+ years senior technical and people leadership within an enterprise, web based, software environment
Computer Science / Software Engineering degree Cloud infrastructure experience using Azure Front end Javascript frameworks (AngularJS, React) Solid understanding of scaled agile and devOps development environments Extensive experience leading, coaching and mentoring a team of developers and architects
Exceptional organisational and communication skills with experience developing & instilling a culture of ownership & cross functional collaboration
Deeply passionate about web technologies and applications/platforms and an ability evangelise internally and externally
Down-to-earth, make it happen, analytical and detail oriented with a strong drive and innovative approach.Front End Developer - ReactJS - 6 Month Contract
    
    
      Competitive daily rates
      
      Chance to work for a prestigious banking client
      
      Short interview process and immediate start
      
    
    Front End Developer (ReactJS)

An 6 month contract role available, start date ASAP!

Key Skills & Knowledge Required

4+ years front-end development experience using technology such as HTML, CSS (Less/Sass), JavaScript, AJAX, JSON and ReactJS (as well as any other JavaScript libraries such as AngularJS and NodeJS)
Knowledgeable of Grunt, Gulp and/or Webpack Experience of using GIT, Jira, Confluence, Bamboo or equivalent Agile background Experience working within AWS, or similar cloud-based technologies Great communication skills Adaptable and able to work well within a team environment  Passionate about the latest technology 
About FourQuarters Recruitment

FourQuarters is a specialist boutique recruitment consultancy with offices in Perth, Melbourne & Sydney. We have specialist recruiters in Information Technology, Corporate Finance, Strategy, M&A and Accounting. With over 100 years of recruitment experience
 across the team, we have strong networks to draw upon for both our clients and contacts to leverage. Additional information and individual consultant profiles are available at www.fourquarters.com.au.

FourQuarters Recruitment Contact

Jessica Orrey
Email: jorrey@fourquarters.com.au
Mob: 0414 963 436
Tel: (03) 9982 8474
    
    www.fourquarters.com.au,We have an exciting opportunity available for an experienced Software Developer to join our team. In this position, you will;

Work on our .NET C#/MongoDB application to extend and add new functionality. Work on integration and automation with several different Ad Tech platforms and ecommerce systems
Work to help build new functionality in our in-house Ad Tech project with the existing team
Help design performant and scalable software solutions
Essential skills and experience required:

Extensive experience in .Net and web development methodologies Experience in a NoSQL database (preferably Mongo) Proficient in web mark-up, including HTML5, CSS3 Experience in modern JavaScript frameworks, knowledge of TypeScript or similar would be a plus
Experience and understanding of code versioning tools, such as GIT Ability to configure and use CI and other automation tools Ability to produce software designs for scalable cloud based architecture Knowledge of performance testing tools and metric gathering Experience in system integration Excellent written skills & verbal communication skills
Opportunities exist for greenfield project work, so if you're a motivated and skilled developer who wants to work with a passionate team as part of a fast growing Australian software company, we want to hear from you.
This role is also available on a contract basis.Senior BI & Data Analytics Architect
    
    
      Join a highly successful Business Intelligence & Data Analytics Consultancy
      
      Enjoy a variety of client engagements
      
      Excellent career growth path and learning opportunities
      
    
    
About the company and role:
Work for a rapidly expanding niche consultancy specialising in delivering Big Data & Analytics, Business Intelligence, Digital and Cloud solutions for a varied client base across Australia and New Zealand. My client has a fun and collaborative team environment
 where you are encouraged to learn and certification and studies are funded by the company.  The Brisbane office is newly established and is on track to follow the successes of the Sydney and Melbourne offices.

As a Senior Architect the role will involve you in a diverse range of customer engagements covering Big Data, Digital, Customer Engagement and Cloud projects and therefore we are seeking strong BI/DW and Data Analytics Architects with strong technical skills
 across all these domains.
You will enjoy solving problems, have strong business acumen and excellent presentation and communication skills.  

Skills and experience sought:

Strong background in developing proof of concepts, solution design through to development and testing
Background in Programming and Development with strengths in SQL Some infrastructure and cloud based platforms knowledge is required Background in leading teams and technical projects 
Ideally looking for strengths in 3 or more of the following Technical areas:

Reporting: PowerBI, Tableau, Qlikview, Datameer ETL: Talend, SSIS, Alteryx, Informatica Big data: Cloudera, Hortonworks, MapR, Kafka, NiFi, Elasticsearch Analytics: Spark, R, Teradata Aster Database: SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata, PostgreSQL, Greenplum Programming Languages: Python, SQL, Java, Scala, PHP, .NET, Javascript Frameworks and Architectures: Lambda, ReactJS, AngularJS, EmberJS, NodeJS 
If you are passionate about IT and looking for a customer focused consulting role where you will have the opportunity to lead others please "apply now" or for a confidential discussion please call Sasha Jensen on 0424 012 839.


    
    www.fourquarters.com.au.Net Technical Lead
    
    
The Tech 
Your team will be responsible for a complex array of systems, services, tools and reports that control all aspects for the platform.
The platform is built upon a large scale distributed microservices architecture with AngularJS, C#, SQLServer, PostgreSQL in the stack, plus a powerful data processing backend built on an AWS Redshift data warehouse cluster. You will employ DDD, CQRS & Event
 Sourcing, message queuing and Event Stream Processing and Cloud patterns in your daily challenges.
We're big on Agile development, microservices, DevOps and automation, CI/CD etc. We love new and interesting tech. Never because it's shiny - but because it helps us solve problems.
REQUIREMENTS

Proven technical and team leadership skills Bachelor degree preferred, professional qualification certification or equivalent experience
Minimum 5 years hands-on C# experience, async/await, Linq, ASP.NET MVC framework
Commercial experience with Event Stream Processing or CQRS architectures NuGet package eco-system Dependency injection C# unit test skills Experience with message queuing architectures Experience in database design and query performance tuning A demonstrable knowledge of data structures and basic algorithms
NICE TO HAVE

Amazon Web Service (Lambda, Kinesis, RedShift, CloudFormation, DynamoDB) Browser end debugging skills (network traffic, JavaScript debugging) HTTP protocol, Rest API, WebHook Source control skills (Git, GitHub, BitBucket)
BENEFITS

Working alongside some of the best and brightest software engineers Job related training inhouse and support for external training Global network with unlimited growth opportunities Employee share scheme giving employees a financial stake in the business Health and wellness initiatives Company gathering and celebration 3 times a year Staff awards program; Generous staff referral program
IF THIS SOUNDS LIKE YOU APPLY NOW!!!React Native Developer
    
    
ReactNative Developer 

Join an Award winning team to develop 2 greenfield mobile apps at one of the best places to work 2016! The client work with some of the best brands in Australia and are known for been the best at what they do.
Duties

Native mobile development using React Native Full life cycle of app development Work closely with the Creative & Development teams Innovation through knowledge sharing and research & development initiatives Offer solutions to problems whilst providing guidance within the app development team
Working closely with backend teams to integrate the app with purpose built APIs
Skills & Experience

React Native experience High-attention to detail Excellent communication skills PaaS services knowledge such as AWS Strong knowledge of Node JS and JSON Experience in integrating RESTful API JavaScript experience

    
    www.2xmtechnology.com.auFull Stack Engineer - Contract - Melbourne CBD
    
    
      HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery
      
      React and Angular
      
      Experience within a J2EE environment
      
    
    
Engineer, front-end development, full-stack engineer, JAVA, React, Angular, Agile
 
GOW have an exciting opportunity for a Senior Full-Stack Engineer to join a ASX listed client based in Melbourne CBD. This is an initial 6 month contract role, paying a competitive daily rate.
   
Seeking an individual who is confident working within a Full-Stack role - including experience with React and Angular aswell as a good understanding of RESTful web services. The ideal candidate will have solid experience working within an Agile environment
 and the ability to think outside of the box on complex issues.
 
Key experience:

Solid experience using: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery Strong experience with React and Angular Experience within a J2EE environment (including Java Server Pages) Experience liaising with UI/UX designers, product owners and back-end developers
Understanding of secure coding practices Prior experience work within an Agile environment  Adobe Enterprise Manager would be a bonus! 
Seeking an individual who is an adaptable team player and has a true passion for IT development.
 
This is a 6 month contract position looking to get someone started ASAP; please submit your profile to be considered for the role and you're available to start a new position in the next 2-3 weeks. 


    
    Nicola Reece
0396044812Digital Producer
      
      
      
      
        Excellent daily rates
        
        Innovative and creative working environment
        
        Opportunity to develop marketing campaigns for global clients
        
      
      MID- LEVEL DIGITAL PRODUCER
Would you like to work for an established global production agency? An exciting opportunity is now available for a Digital Producer to join my clients growing digital team.
 
As a Digital Producer, you will work on digital projects, from brief through to deployment, ensuring that they are delivered on time, on budget and that the end results meet or exceed client expectations.


THE JOB
• Maintain a detailed work-in-progress list
• Proof, test and send email campaigns
• Work on a range of projects from display advertising campaigns, eDM development and dispatch through to small and medium scale web development projects.
• Liaise with media to confirm specifications and deadlines
• Work with design and technical teams

THE SKILLS
• Two years' agency experience
• Across the latest trends in UI/UX
• Strong skills in responsive email and web design
• Basic understanding of a developer's skill sets and web technologies
• Excellent communication and collaboration skills
• Be able to present confidently to clients
• Ability to manage multiple digital projects concurrently; 
• Experience with project management and version control software such as Bugherd, Jira or Git will be of benefit.
• An understanding of HTML5 banner ad production, as well as knowledge of CSS and JavaScript animation libraries and techniques.
  
YOU!
• Passionate 
• A team Player
• Positive 
• Fun!
 
You will be rewarded with a friendly team-based environment, where all members of the agency work together to achieve great results. APPLY NOW!

      
      Rachel Exton
0447 592 515
        
        
        Preacta is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and Staffing Agency,
        and we encourage people of all races, sex, age, and disabilities to
        apply for positions both with ourselves and our clients.Full Stack Developer (NodeJS & ReactJS)
      
      Highly passionate, self-starter who loves the latest tech? Don't miss out...
      
      
        Latest technology, exciting projects!
        
        Creative, modern working environment
        
        Ideas? Turn them into reality!
        
      
      
Highly passionate, self-starter who loves the latest tech? Don't miss out on this opportunity!

Your new company
This organisation was founded by leaders in the industry and they are now looking to bolster their dynamic team with a passionate & driven individual. Working on exciting projects with a strong focus on the latest digital technology innovations, your passion
 & capability will assist in driving this organisation’s success.

Your new role
If you are an innovative & passionate Developer who keeps themselves abreast with the latest technology, then this role is for you. Working within a small Development team, your idea’s are welcomed with a genuine opportunity to turn them into reality. You will
 produce innovative designs and be involved in architecting, designing, developing, testing and deployment.

What you'll need to succeed

Minimum 2 years full stack development experience using NodeJS or AngularJS or ReactJS (or similar)Proficient in creating responsive web designs using front-end tech including: CSS, HTML, Javascript, JQuery, BootstrapExperienced developing REST API’sExperienced with AWS tech: EC2, Auto scaling etc.Experienced with Agile & ScrumSelf-starter who stays abreast with the latest technologyWillingness to learn & grow

What you'll get in return
An attractive salary package as well as a genuine opportunity to drive innovation through technology of your choice. As part of a fast-paced, flexible and Agile work environment, you will be rewarded with rapid progression opportunities as a result of your
 success.

What you need to do now
If you’re interested in this role, click ‘apply now’ to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV. If this job isn’t quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact Jon-Paul Hoey at jon-paul.hoey@hays.com.au or 03 9604 9656 for a confidential
 discussion.

      
      
      Reference Number:
        1890512
      
      
      To apply please click
        the 'Apply' button below.Synergy (www.synergyonline.com) is a world leading consulting firm specializing in SharePoint technologies. Synergy delivers premier consulting, development, and training services to some of the largest customers in Australia. We are continuing to grow our
 team of talented professionals and are looking for individuals with a passion for SharePoint
This position is primarily a consulting role which will be involved in designing and developing SharePoint solutions for customers. Typical solutions include custom web parts, event handlers, workflows, electronic forms, master pages and layouts, and Office
 365 Apps.
Synergy is seeking a dedicated professional with a passion for SharePoint technology and a desire to dive deep into the product. You will be expected to ramp up quickly and then you will work closely with the industry-leading experts on our team to perfect
 your skills.
Some travel may be required.
Prerequisites

Bachelor's degree or equivalent 5 to 7 years work experience Teaching or professional presenting experience is a plus. Experience in web application development with Visual Studio Knowledge of C#, ASP.NET, SQL, XML, and XSLT Experience with web site design using DHTML, javascript, and XML Excellent English communication skills (oral and written) Technical experience with SharePoint 2010, 2013, 2016 and/or Online
Desirable
• Previous security clearance
Please respond with resume and expected salary.Net CMS Developer
    
    
Build rich web based applications , working in a fun and and creative loving team that love all things tech and banter'. Birthdays off, shorter working days in the summer! -  Table tennis enthusiasts encouraged to apply.
Essential Experience:

+4 years development experience C# ASP.Net, MVC5 CMS Experience using 1 or more of the following: Sitecore/Umbraco/EPiServer/DNN
JavaScript, JQuery, Angular HTML5, CSS3 Web API SQL Server 
Desirable Experience:

Agile (Scrum Experience)  Jira TFS AWS, Azure Github
What about you? You are:

Motivated Self-starter Live & breathe new technologies Able to prioritise and juggle workload Have high attention to detail Excellent communication skills
If this sounds like you, please apply NOW by clicking the APPLY NOW button!
Due to high volume of candidates only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.Senior .Net Developer
    
    
The role will encompasses the full software development life cycle from requirements gathering to implementation. Coding will be in C# and the candidate is required to possess strong analytical and problem solving skills.
A solid experience in the full SDLC of .NET applications through the following:

ASP.NET MVC 3+ WCF, ASMX Web services and RESTful API Entity Framework JavaScript/JQuery, HTML5, CSS3 and bootstrap. DB Management (MS SQL Server 2005 +) Server Management (Windows Server 2008 +) Solid understanding of Architectural and Design Patterns IIS 7 configuration AWS knowledge is an advantage nopCommerce knowledge is an advantage
Role Requirements and Responsibilities:

Designing, coding and testing of software. Excellent problem solving and analytical skills, with SQL and database design.
You must be able to work closely with technical staff, stakeholders and users and be able to work as part of a team to meet tight deadlines.
Ensure that all C# code that you write has appropriate unit tests and that these tests all pass before releasing into production.
Ensuring code is checked into the source code repository based on the Source Code Management Policy.
Ensure tasks are completed in an accurate and timely manner. Have a clear understanding of specific outcomes required with each task Be mindful of risk management. Making sure risk is identified when found. Making sure you update processes and procedures, identify gaps and develop action plans to rectify.
What about you? You are:

Motivated Self-starter Live & breathe new technologies Able to prioritise and juggle workload Have high attention to detail Excellent communication skills
If this sounds like you, please apply NOW by clicking the APPLY NOW button!
Due to high volume of candidates only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.Front End Developer 
      
      Front End Web Developer


Front End Developer 

An exciting digital agency working with clients on a Global Scale located in the Central Melbourne CBD is looking for a passionate Front End Developer. They are experiencing growth and are looking to bring on a Front End Developer to join an expanding group
 of talented staff that has a passion for what they do. They want someone who wants to work in a fun and vibrant environment to build innovative tech! If you value career progression, a competitive salary and a high tech working environment, then keep reading…

Some of the responsibilities:

• Provide input into solutions
• Developing excellent software to achieve quality, budget and schedule outcomes
• Detailed technical design documents including identification of new components and impact analysis of existing systems
• Code from program specifications
• Systems and integration testing
• Post implementation support

What is required for the role:

• Experience in a similar role
• Extensive experience with HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, JavaScript
• Experience with Angular, React or NodeJS
• Experience with PHP with a bonus
• Proven experience with MVVM, NPM and Webpack
• Bonus to have knowledge on Android/iOS Apps
• Proven experience in communication skills to deal with multiple clients and internal staff
• Ability to work within a team
• Developing excellent software to achieve quality, budget and schedule outcomes
• Passion for excellence 

What is given in return:

• Great team environment
• Work/life balance - Flexible working hours
• Career growth opportunities

Don’t miss out on this opportunity! Interviews are being arranged now.

To apply, press APPLY or please send a copy of your most recent CV and Cover Letter n.bui@pearsonfrank.com or, contact directly on +61 03 9088 3718 to discuss your experience and the role in more detail.

I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any PHP/Java/Web developers that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the PHP/Java/Web
 market and some of the opportunities and PHP/Java/Web jobs that are available I can be contacted on +613 9088 3718 by phone or n.bui@pearsonfrank.com by e-mail. Please see www.pearsonfrank.com for more fantastic opportunities!


Pearson Frank is an equal opportunity employer, actively working with our clients in achieving their diversity targets. We encourage all experienced applicants to apply for this role.

PHP / Web / Web Developer / Front End Developer /JavaScript / Angular / React /HTML/ CSS /Digital Agency / Melbourne / Australia / Pearson Frank


Nigel Frank International is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.Database Administrator
      
        
DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR


Full time position and attractive salary Based in Surry Hills, short walk from the train station Opportunity to grow your career in a member based organisation

  
Girl Guides NSW & ACT (GG) is part of the world wide Movement of more than ten million Girl Guides and Girl Scouts operating in over 140 countries. This progressive, non-political voluntary organisation helps girls and young women develop into confident, self-respecting
 and responsible community members by providing a values-based, flexible and dynamic, non-formal educational program.
 
The Database Administrator is responsible for managing the integrity of their database, provide support to members and ensure that the database is fulfilling the organisation's short term and strategic needs. Successful applicants will have the ability to diagnose
 and provide solutions to system errors, provide system enhancements and generate a wide range of reports for multiple departments.


Responsibilities of the role 

Responsible for the performance, integrity and security of the database to improve member experience
Ensure the database reflects the needs of users, the organization and enhances the member experience
Liaise with external stakeholders and IT administrator with relation to the IMis database
Ensure that Girl Guides NSW & ACT is up-to-date with any upgrades and implement training for employees
Create and modify membership reports to meet the needs of the organisation Ensure that information remains consistent across the database and perform data clean-up as necessary
Assist in website and content maintenance Ensure seamless integration of the database, website and other third party tools
Provide a plan to monitor and execute future upgrades 
To be successful in this role you will have the following skills and experience:

• Strong database experience is a priority, ideally with IMiS 
• Highly proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
• Experience working in a team based culture 
• Demonstrated high level verbal and written communication skills 
• The ability to communicate efficiently and articulately to a variety of stakeholders
• The ability to work to deadlines and clear objectives
• Some experience with project management and exposure to html, xml, asp and JavaScript would be advantageous for this role
  
Benefits
• Contribute to the long term sustainability of the organisation in this collaborative role
• Positive contribution to the community and thrive on the enjoyment that meaningful work brings - make a difference
  
There is no closing date for this role, please apply as soon as possible as all applications will be reviewed as they are received.

  
To apply please send a cover letter, expressing your interest in the role along with your full resume.

For more information please contact Rhonda Newman at Beaumont Consulting.
  
Beaumont Not-for-Profit has been retained to recruit this position on behalf of
Girl Guides NSW & ACT. Please direct all enquiries to Rhonda Newman at Beaumont Consulting..Net Full Stack Development Team Leader
      
      
Market Leading and Multi Awarded Organisation
Energetic Development team - CBD Location
Our client is a fast growing and dynamic company intent on building the best and most efficient tools for their clients. Continued growth has opened up the opportunity for an aspiring Software Development Manager to join the Sydney
 CBD based development team leading a team of 10 highly skilled and motivated full stack developers in a fast paced and dynamic high performance environment.
Key role responsibilities include:

To lead a team of 10 high performance developers in a 'hands-on' capacity to achieve: 
Understand user requirements and translate them into well-engineered applications using industry standard methodologies
Develop new functionality and products on existing software Participate in an energetic team on a rapid, agile development schedule Be responsible for live systems, maintaining queuing systems as assigned
Knowledge and experience required:

A minimum of 5 years development experience including exposure to modern software development practices and having acted as team lead or technical lead.
Solid understanding of OO techniques, design patterns and frameworks Strong technical expertise in C#, ASP.NET, JavaScript, MVVM, MVC, WCF, LINQ, EF, SQL & GIT
Experience in developing software solutions by studying systems flows and work processes, investigating problem areas, following the software development lifecycle
Working in and an understanding of working in an agile environment such as Scrum or Kanban
Amazon Web Services experience would be very highly regarded.
Essential Attributes:
Successful candidates should be creative, articulate and flexible. You will:

Demonstrate a genuine passion for technology and posses a proactive 'can do' customer focused attitude
To have a hands-on lead by example approach to team management. Display a commitment to high quality applying a thorough approach to product development
Seek help in solving tough or complex problems Posses strong problem solving skills with the ability to identify and address 'root cause' for systemic or regularly recurring issues
Have excellent written and verbal communication skills combined with great organisation skills and a high level of attention to detail
If you consider yourself to be a strong, passionate and dedicated .NET Full Stack Developer and are looking for a Team Leadership / Management     career opportunity we would like to hear from you.Front End Developer
      
      
We are urgently looking for a Mid-level Front End Developer to join a well known software development house on a permanent basis. You will have the chance to work on a very interesting interactive application that is being offered to numerous clients around
 the world. The right candidate will have a passion for programming and design extending their skill set across a range of technologies.

You will be part of a very friendly and highly technical team, a team to be proud of! I am sure that you will love their great culture as well!

Requirements

3+ years’ experience as Front End Developer Strong experience in modern JavaScript libraries and frameworks like jQuery Strong experience in HTML5 semantic best practices Strong experience in CSS3 media queries and responsive design

Bonus to have but not essential - experience with PHP Bonus to have but not essential - experience with AngularJS  


      
      Stathi Paleologos
03 9020 1993
spalos@siriustechnology.com.auLead Developer - .Net / C# - Digital Agency
      
      About the client 
This digital agency is rapidly expanding their team as they begin work on exciting new projects. The client is in the customer experience industry, and is looking for an experience developer to lead their growing team.


About the Role 
The client is in need of a lead developer to join a new project on a 12 months fixed term project with an option to go permanent. The role offers an exciting chance to work on the latest technologies in the Microsoft space.

Duties; 
- Participate in development of new web applications within .Net / CMS
- Designing various systems using ASP.NET and MVC technologies
- Building on existing and new websites using Sitecore CMS 
- Full Stack development utilising C#, .Net, HTML5, and Sitecore 

Skills and Expertise; 
- Experience working with .Net frameworks
- Working knowledge of HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript tools
- Strong background in Sitecore CMS (7.x or 8.x)
- Experience with full stack development in .Net and C#
- Experience working on various integration tools (Git, TeamCity)
- Certifications in Sitecore highly regarded (Sitecore 7 or 8) 
- Strong Communications and Written Skills 
- Highly motivated and enthusiastic attitude 

Benefits; 
- Aus $100000 - Aus $150000 per annum + Super 
- Beautiful beach location
- Brand new office space 
- Excellent training and career growth opportunities 

This is opportunity for anyone committed to working in the Gold Coast area. To discuss this or any other .Net, Azure, Dynamics CRM or SharePoint projects contact me directly on 03 9088 3752 or send your CV to f.karim@nigelfrank.com.


.Net / Azure / SharePoint / Developer / Development / Cloud / Mid-level Developer / Brisbane / Gold Coast / Queensland / Senior Developer / Web Development / Sitecore / CMS / Lead


Nigel Frank International is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.Senior Java Developer
        
        
We're currently working with a major financial services organisation who are looking for a Java Developer to undertake an initial 6 month contract in their Sydney office.
Key requirements:

Strong background in Core Java Development: spring boot, hibernate, mavenExperienced in designing scalable solutions.Python experience a major advantageAgile development experience - TDD/BDD, collaboration, robust monitoringExposure to CD / CI environmentAny frontend/javascript experience is a bonusPrevious experience within financial services is an advantage
What they offer:

Really interesting product rangeFun & challenging working cultureWork with autonomy but as part of team
If you match the skillset and would be interested in discussing the role further, please APPLY today!
Hydrogen UK Limited is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.

        
        Hydrogen Group
          Level 17, 9 Castlereagh Street, Sydney, NSW 2000With a presence in 13 countries, 2,500 employees worldwide and a renowned commitment to innovation and agility, Valtech helps brands to develop and grow their business across all digital touch points. Locally, Valtech Australia works with clients including
 Foxtel, Lion, Qantas and the NRL. We are a close-knit team with a fun, family-friendly culture.
YOUR ROLE
You will create and maintain customer-facing Adobe AEM 6 (Adobe Experience Manager) that impacts how brands are perceived and importantly, their stream of revenue. You will apply your extensive Java development experience and will be responsible for delivering
 high quality code and solid documentation.  You will face interesting questions about the implementation of large-scale software systems with the capacity for millions of visitors per day, including implementation of caching strategies, suitable design patterns,
 memory utilisation, security, and more exciting stuff.
As part of a cross-functional delivery team, you will work alongside experienced experts who are enthusiastic about software development and the design and architecture of digital systems. Each individual of the team specialises in different aspects of web
 development and openly shares that knowledge on a daily basis. An agile development methodology will support and back up your efforts in the team. Accordingly, you will have a platform to show your code and achievements in code and design reviews.
DESIRED SKILLS & EXPERIENCE

Minimum of 5 years Java/JEE experience (certification is a plus) including Servlets, JSP
Experience in the development of enterprise-level web content managements systems on Adobe Experience Manager (aka CQ5)
Minimum of 5 years' professional experience with web technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript/AJAX)
Exposure to web systems and infrastructure (Apache HTTP/web servers, servlet containers, caching, proxies, security, CDNs)
You have experience with Java testing tools debugging web applications (Junit, JMeter) and with the analysis of Java server applications (performance optimizations, heap and thread dump analysis)
You have experience in development infrastructure and tools (revision control, bug tracking, wiki, continuous integration as Jenkins, Maven)
Knowledge of Java modularization or OGSi, Java Content Repository (JCR) and RESTful principles are an added bonus
You have a passion for learning and staying up-to-date with the newest technologies
You thrive in an open and informal environment where freedom comes with accountability
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOU

A competitive salary Your entrepreneurial spirit and vision will be rewarded, and your success will fuel opportunities for career development
You'll make a difference for some pretty impressive clients on high-profile projects
Opportunities to learn daily through training, assignments and collaboration with experts across Valtech's global network of offices
Access to leading-edge technology
WHY VALTECH?
We're advisors, visionaries, creatives and techies…with an agency mindset. We believe in working together, and that the best results come when we pool our knowledge and brainstorm the right solution for our customers.  
We are driven by a visionary mindset, and that means there is plenty of room for initiative and for talented people (like you!) to shape who we are tomorrow.
NEXT STEPS
If this sounds like you then we'd love to hear from you! To apply, please submit your CV and we'll be in touch!
You must have working rights in Australia for this position.Salesforce Developer
      
      



This is a large iconic Australian organisation with a highly regarded reputation and a leader in their field. An opportunity for a Salesforce developer has arisen to work on some of their high-impact projects.

Project Responsibilities
· Conduct system wide requirement analysis and provide effort estimations
· Work with the PM/Architect/BA
· Thoroughly understand the requirements and design
· Develop detailed design and implement automated unit testing framework as required
· Conduct peer-reviews and lead reviews and provide feedback
· Provide accurate and detailed weekly task reports
· Develop, maintain, troubleshoot, enhance and document components developed by self and others as per the requirements and detailed design
· Assist Project Lead/PM/BA in project activity
· Conduct project risk identification and mitigation action planning with project manager


Required Knowledge and Skills



3+ years relevant experience in Saleforce/ Force.com application administration and developmentProficient in Salesforce architecture, Apex, workflow design, controllers, triggers, SOQL, SOSL, Visual Force, Appexchange, Custom objects and Community CloudShould have experience in Web Services based development and use of Salesforce APIShould have knowledge of web technologies like Javascript, HTML/CSS and XMLShould be capable of building on custom code as well as debugging/troubleshooting issues with themShould have some understanding of Marketing Cloud and its integration with Salesforce via data extensionsExperience in Salesforce Communities
To indicate your interest please apply via the link or call Eugene on 94094710 for a detailed and confidential discussion.



      
      The reference number for this job is 174951
        . 
        
        Peoplebank is an equal opportunity employer, actively working with our
        clients in achieving their diversity targets. We encourage all
        experienced applicants to apply for this role. 
        
        Please click the "Apply for this job" button belowSenior Software Engineer (Front End)
      
      
•Are you a creative, original thinker looking for the next challenge?
•Would you like to work in the largest innovation group in Australia?
•Join Data61 at CSIRO - Australia's premier science & technology research organisation
The Position
We have an exciting new opportunity to join the Data Science Platforms team in Data61. We are currently designing and building a new graph analytics platform that will have real impact for Australia. We are seeking a creative, original thinker to join our
 team as a senior front end engineer to help to provide elegant solutions to unsolved problems. We work in an open, collaborative environment with flexible working hours where people can take ownership of their area, experiment with new technologies, and can
 learn and grow to their full potential.
Location:      Canberra, ACT or Eveleigh, NSW
Salary:          $106K - $124K pa plus up to 15.4% superannuation
Tenure:        specified term of 3 years
Reference:  42561
To be successful you will need:
•A Bachelor degree in a scientific or engineering discipline such as Computer Science or equivalent commercial experience in software engineering.
•Knowledge of algorithms and data structures.
•Ability to think creatively and prototype new ideas.
• Experience with two or more of the following web technologies: JavaScript, CSS, HTML5, SVG, ES6, PureScript, TypeScript, NodeJS.
•Experience with one or more front-end frameworks: React, Redux, Angular, D3, Bulma, Foundation, etc
• Experience with one or more front-end build tools: Browserify, Grunt, Gulp, Webpack, Babel, etc
•Ability to take ownership of their project, provide technical direction, and present their ideas and foster creativity in others
•The ability to collaborate and grow with a multi-disciplinary, regionally dispersed research and engineering team.
Who we are: The Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) 
AT CSIRO WE INVENT THE FUTURE
 We do this by using science and technology to solve real issues. Our solutions make a difference to industry, people and the planet.
As Australia's national science agency, we've been pushing the edge of what's possible for almost 90 years. Today we have thousands of talented people working across Australia and internationally. Our people work closely with industry and communities to
 leave a lasting legacy. Collectively, our innovation and excellence places us in the top ten applied research agencies in the world.
WE COLLABORATE TO INNOVATE
We work flexibly at CSIRO, offering a range of options for how, when and where you work. Talk to us about how this role could be flexible for you. 
Find out more here!: 
Balance
Our commitment to you
CSIRO's Data61 offers an open and supportive workplace, where employee wellbeing is a top priority. We are committed to providing a diverse and inclusive workplace by focusing on gender equality, support and development of women in leadership, increasing the
 employment of Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders whilst supporting the LGBTI community and other diverse backgrounds.
CSIRO's Data61 offers a range of flexible working opportunities, including part-time and job share arrangements, to provide you with work/life balance. We emphasise an individual's growth and development which is supported by interacting and learning from world
 leading scientists and engineers, who provide the opportunity to challenge, transform and innovate new ideas.
CSIRO's Data61 is committed to sourcing the brightest and best talent to become part of the Data61 family that contributes to creating Australia's data driven future.

How to Apply: Please provide enough information relevant to the selection criteria for this position to enable the assessment panel to determine your suitability, and upload ONE document containing your CV/resume and cover letter.

Before applying please view the full position details and selection criteria here:

Position Details
Applications Close:  11:59pm AEST, 2 August 2017Senior Software Developer – NodeJS, Web APIs
      
      
Senior Software Developer – NodeJS, Web APIs
Leading Fin Tech Company | Sydney CBD | Great Salary & Bonus Package
Your Next Company:
Your next company are a leading Fin Tech company with a strong reputation in the Australian market. They have a strong track record and their clients include large multinational companies. They produce a highly innovative product using leading technology.
 They firmly believe and invest in their staff and provide all employees with the latest equipment, have a reward and recognition programme and offer weekly incentives. As a result they have a small team of highly skilled and passionate individuals and enjoy
 a very small turnover of staff.
Your Next Role:
Your next role will see you working with a team of enthusiastic developers and being a core part of their app development team. This team produce highly secure web APIs for clients within the finance sector. Each team member is encouraged to take ownership
 of the product and be involved in the full SDLC.
Some of the responsibilities include:

Work on existing and new enterprise projects Co-ordinate with other colleagues on all aspects of the projects Be involved in the design, planning, programming, testing & delivery of projects
Manage code & assist in test deployment Deliver secure, high quality scalable solutions Where necessary, support debugging of production systems Liaise with clients to understand requirements, assist with integrations, etc
Technical Skills & Other Requirements:

3+ years' programming experience in NodeJS API 6+ years' programming experience within Web APIs 3+ years' programming experience within Javascript Background working within cloud based systems (preferably AWS) Proven background in architecting solid solutions from concept through to delivery
Desirable for experience in working with large institutional clients Comfortable working within a Unix environment Proficient with XML Experience in JIRA Background working in an agile environment Great communication & interpersonal skills Ability to liaise with clients
Additional Information:

Very attractive salary package, bonus structure & incentives Work with leading technology Flexible working hours / work from home option (1 day per week) Great CBD location Monthly rewards & recognition programme
To apply for the position, please use the link or submit your resume to mo.australia@gqrgm.com
Web Developer
    
    

Our client is currently seeking the services of an experienced Web Developer to commence immediately on an initial 6 month contract. You will be working for several customers across different sites.
 
We are looking for candidates with the following skills:


·         CSS – Bootstrap preferred
·         HTML
·         Javascript
·         JQuery
·         Cross browser compatibility
·         Responsive design skills

If you have the above skills and are interested in this position then please apply through SEEK with a copy of your CV in the first instance. To discuss in person please phone the Montare office on 07 3018 0502.

We look forward to hearing from you.Java Developer
    
    
      3 month contract
      
      Perth CBD
      
      
      
    
    
Java Developer - 3 month contract - Perth
Our client is looking for a Java Developer with AVOKA experience to assist in analysing, designiing and developing forms solutions. You have to be good in using AVOKA to be successful in this role.
Requirements:

Desired experience and skills:


At least 2 to 5 years relevant work experience

Form/web application development experience including:

HTML5/JavaScript/JSP

AVOKA

Rich client applications 

XML skills, including XSLT, XSD, DOM, WebServices, etc

Some exposure to J2SE, J2EE and third party APIs is a plus

Some J2EE Application Server experience is a plus

Some previous exposure to workflow systems and/or PDF Dynamic Forms is a plus

UX training and experience is a plus


Exposure to Adobe LiveCycle Designer is a plus


Energy and utilities industry experience, back-end JBOSS integration is preferred.
Please email cv to wendy.lee@au.experis.com or APPLY NOW!



    
    www.experis.com.au.net Developer, SQL, Angular
      
      .net Developer, SQL, Angular

Join a talented team of 6 developers, within a large insurance company based in the heart of the CBD, opposite main transport links. 

The role is varied and will require you to work end to end, on internal and external web applications for example websites and online claim forms. Its is essential that you are comfortable with BAU work as well as new build projects. 

As the team is relatively small, you will have to take some responsibility for first line support, one week out of 4. Given that the company is 70 strong, this is a small part of the role and will not take up much of your time, you will still be developing
 simultaneously.  

In return you will be working on exciting, new build projects for a large, international insurance business. 

If you have the following varied skills, please apply now for immediate consideration.

.net, C#, asp.net, MVC, Entity FrameworkSQL - SSIS, SSRS Angular or Sencha ExtTFS, Git, JiraAgile project deliveryJava Team Lead
      
      Modern and Flexible working environment
      
      Upto $130k
      
      
Our client is a well-respected Brisbane CBD based government associated organisation who are seeking a full time Senior Java Lead to work in their Solutions Delivery Team to build award winning applications.

About the Role
Java Team Lead will take a leading role in delivering business solutions that are robust, scalable and deliver the quality outcomes. Our client is looking for a passionate, pragmatic and highly collaborative team player who have a proven track record of
 delivery in an agile environment.
This is a permanent position, requiring very strong Java enterprise development skills and someone who thrives on working in a culture of delivery and continuous improvement.

You must be able to demonstrate at least 3-5 years' experience in a Team Lead position while still maintaining a high level of technical capability.

About You

Key Competencies include:

Minimum 5 years' experience as a Lead Java Developer in an 
agile development environment.High level and proven JEE development experience, in the following technologies:

Spring Framework

Core SpringSpring MVC - Plain MVC, not webflow or facesSpring AOPSpring DAO/ORM
Junit Test DevelopmentCurrent JEE Development Patterns
Strong preference for experience in the following technologies:

Oracle DatabaseMessaging ie JMSJava Server Pages (JSP)CSS 3 and LessJQuery Ajax Frameworks + JavaScriptMyBatis Persistence FrameworkMaven 3
Strong verbal and written communications skills.Proven ability to manage priorities in a fast moving environment. You can manage and lead technical improvements with tools, processes and development standards on top of the normal day to day sprint development.Proven ability to collaborate effectively with peers and other technical groups.You will be a mentor for developers with the ability to coach and encourage technical knowledge.
The Benefits

This position is offering all the perks and benefits associated with government roles, attractive salary and a relaxed working environment. Flexible working hours are also an option. They also adopt a 'work hard, play hard' culture and are big on staff development
 and team events. You will enjoy the central CBD location close to shops, restaurants, bars and cafes.


To apply online, please click on the link below. Or, if you would like to have a confidential discussion, please contact
Kinjal Shah on 07 3023 1039, quoting ref no. 
JO-1704-66858. Want to know more about Davidson? Visit us at www.davidsonwp.comJava Developer
      
      X 3 Senior Java Developers - Melb CBD - Excellent Salary & Benefits Package available!

My Client is an award winning, innovative and ambitious tech development house, working across major tier-1 players across the banking, finance, online and e-commerce industries seeking  x 3 Senior Java Developers with a minimum of 5+ years' experience. The
 successful Java Developer will have developed high performance server side, distributed applications and be willing to join an ambitious team with unrivalled expertise in their market.

You will have the chance to develop clean code for hugely scalable, cutting-edge applications and play a key role in this tech-focused driven team.

The successful Senior Java Developer will have the following:

Experience with Agile development in Java/JEE and experience with frameworks such as Hibernate and/or Spring, StrutsDecent knowledge of databases such as Oracle and MySQLExperience with Java Memory Model and Performance debuggingExperience with high performance systems focusing on high availability and high load.You have most likely worked with Multi-tier web-based applications, REST interfacesSolid Object Oriented Programming skills.Currently working with test frameworks/tools such as JUnit, Mockito Selenium, and JProfiler throughout your development. It is important that you can demonstrate BDD practise. Experience from working in an online environment with scaling, high performance web applications, distributed system development and open source solution.You must have pragmatic experience in practising Enterprise integration pattern, OOPS Design patternsExperience with HTML / JavaScript and Front end technologies is a plus
So if you are a highly motivated team player who puts pride in being part of the whole product lifecycle and has an interest in innovative ideas and technologies please APPLY NOW.Senior Full Stack Java Developer
    
    
About us
InfoMedix is Australia's leading clinical document management software provider.  For the past 14 years we've been replacing your old manila folder medical record with a fully digital record. InfoMedix enables clinicians to quickly obtain the medical information
 required to make decisions, either from their mobile devices or their desktop.
The InfoMedix Clinical Patient Folder is in use at over 60 hospitals and community centres across a dozen health services in Australia, with our footprint continuing to grow.  With over 46,000 users, and holding over 280 million documents, the solutions
 you build today will continue to play a vital role in the transformation of Australian hospitals tomorrow.
Main Responsibilities

Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and enhance software Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables Develop quality products
A bit about You:

A keen problem solver who is resourceful. Incredibly enthusiastic about delivering technology solutions. Able to work independently and to self-direct your work. Always putting your hand up for new challenges, and able to up skill yourself in unfamiliar business domains.
Client focused and able to communicate at a business level. You are able to discuss technical matters with non-technical people.
Genuinely interested in business problems and focused on using technology to drive business value.
Committed to being part of a team – as this is really important to us – we want you to add value both technically and culturally to
Infomedix
A bit about Your Technical Experiences:

Accumulated extensive experience working with Java, JavaScript and related technologies and frameworks e.g. Angular, jQuery, JEE and JBoss, JPA/Hibernate, Single Page Application framework, XML/XSL/XPath, SQL/MySQL/PostgreSQL, etc.
A comprehensive understanding of, and experience working in, an agile team (e.g. using Scrum).
Experience or knowledge of working in a TDD environment. Experience working with unit testing frameworks such as JUnit and Mockito. Experience with automated build and deployment pipelines e.g. Jenkins, Team city.
Experience with scripting in Bash, Perl, Python and Linux Experience with puppet/ ansible and docker Database admin skills Deep knowledge of Object Oriented design and programming principles. An understanding of, and experience with, Domain Driven Design. Experience using Maven and Git or Mercurial. Any experience in .NET/C# would be an advantage
Preferred Qualifications 
A bachelor's degree in engineering, computer science or a related technical field. Higher degrees will be highly regarded
No agency candidates will be accepted - thank you.Senior JavaScript Developer
 
Unrivalled opportunity for a knowledgeable senior front end developer and open source enthusiast looking to expand their skills working on one of the biggest Fintech projects in AU. Career growth and opportunities to consistently increase development skills
 as the teams regularly try working on new languages/frameworks and contribute to development meet-ups and conferences.

You will be joining a very dynamic development team and as such must be capable of facilitating good coding practices within a fast-paced environment; inc being comfortable working with agile practices, Scrum methods and hybrid software delivery frameworks. 
  
Skills

JavaScript (OO / MVC) ReactJS + Redux JS TDD Agile Development Processes Tech / Front End Architecture HTML5, CSS3, Grunt, Gulp, LESS, SASS etc Multi-platform (responsive design and mobile apps/software) Must be able to communicate well with others Willing to share skills and knowledge Customer focused Team player 
Bonus Skills:

NodeJS, AWS, MySQL, MongoDB, Golang 
 
This is an immediate need and they offer a highly competitive package, a great training budget, and equity. You will get to choose your own tech tools and be working with great people on great products.About the business and the role
Are you a talented full-stack developer that loves to build exceptional web applications?
Reporting to the founders, your role will encompass taking full responsibility for all web development projects, exploring new product opportunities and pushing the boundaries of what we can provide to make our members' lives easier.
Teach Starter creates resources and tools for primary school teachers. Our vision is to inspire every child to build a purposeful and happy life through learning.


Job tasks and responsibilities
In this role, you will be required to:

communicate complex technical ideas in a way that non-technical people can understand.input on overall digital processes and technology.consider and suggest roll out of tools, technologies and platforms that will improve efficiency and quality.collaborate with a team of designers and non-technical domain experts to tackle real-world problems and provide technical solutions.bring a positive attitude and an appetite to challenge yourself.
 


Skills and experience
Essentially you will have strong back-end development experience, while being familiar with front-end web technologies.

5 years professional PHP development experienceWordpress development experiencea portfolio of work building exceptional web applicationsPHP / Javascript / HTML / CSS / MySQL / Redisstrong communication skills and ability to maintain documentationIT degree / qualificationiOS/Swift as well as API development experience would be an added bonus!


Job benefits and perks
You will be working with a team who are passionate about what they do. Our teaching resources are used by hundreds of thousands of teachers all over the world to deliver exceptional learning experiences.


        
        
          Does this sound like the role for you? Please submit your resume and cover letter via Seek.


To give yourself the best chance of an interview, please provide links to your online website, portfolio, github account or any community profiles to help us get a sense of your skillset and the projects you have worked on.Developer - Principal Application 
    
    
      Brisbane CBD based
        
      Full time team lead role
        
      Attractive Salary
        
    
    
Brisbane Based Role
We are looking for a full stack Java and Spring Developer to lead a team of 6 Devs on a permanent basis for a well-known Australian Organization based in Brisbane.
You will be a passionate, pragmatic and highly collaborative team player who has a proven track record of delivery in an agile environment while leading a large- medium sized team across a large scale enterprise.
Role:
The core role will be working on their internally developed systems doing continual enhancements, digitalizing their existing suite, modifications, modernizations, bug fixes etc. The Enhancement side will be web facing.
You will be leading a team of 6 developers in a mentoring and coaching capacity. Therefore you will need to be the strongest technically on the team and will be expected to be working “On the tools” while reporting in to the Software Development Manager.
 The whole project will be working with Agile methodologies so a comprehensive understanding of this is crucial.
This role will be in a fast moving environment with product releases every 2 weeks. Ideally you will come from a large commercial background. Part of this role will be working on and developing cutting edge voice recognition software as the company starts
 looking to make a move towards robotics and the cloud.
Your key skills will be as a Full Stack Java Developer specializing in J2EE while your core will be in the Spring Framework.
Minimum 5 years' experience as a Lead Java Developer in an agile development environment.
High level and proven JEE development and ideally architecture experience, in the following technologies:
Spring Framework
Core Spring
Spring MVC - Plain MVC, not webflow or faces
Spring AOP
Spring DAO/ORM
Junit Test Development
Current JEE Development Patterns
Strong preference for experience in the following technologies:
Oracle Database
Messaging ie JMS
Java Server Pages (JSP)
CSS 3 and Less
JQuery Ajax Frameworks + JavaScript
MyBatis Persistence Framework
Maven 3

These skills will all be on an enterprise scale with the ability to be able to develop as part of a larger picture. This would be a brilliant opportunity for a fantastic Full Stack Java Developer with some leadership experience to step into the next wrung up
 the ladder.

The opportunity:
- Huge exposure to a large range of projects.
- The modern tech stack exposure and ability to work on an enterprise scale.
- A company that hugely values its employees with a very low attrition rate.
- Very attractive package for the right applicant.

Please send an updated CV and cover letter to Laurence.twining@randstad.com.au
Or click “apply now”

Please note, only successful candidates will be contacted.Senior Java Engineer
      
      CBD Location, Great Permanent Perks
      
      Best Tech Shop in Melbourne
      
      

A leading retail company has a new requirement for a Senior Java developer in one of their product teams. The development team is experiencing growth and change and there are opportunities for Java Developers to build software for their very popular brand.
 A permanent position with career development opportunities, this employer seeks the best Software Developers with a wide variety of skills.




Do you have the following experience?

Java8, JavaScript, Object-Oriented software analysis and designMultiple frameworks including Spring, Hibernate SQL Server development skills, including stored procedure and database designAngular or ReactAWS experienceContinuous Integration and Automated build environmentsInterest & passion in web design and Web Application DevelopmentThe team operates a SCRUM based Agile approach including daily stand-up meetings, story-boards and user -stories, iterations, retrospectives etc.
Experience within an Agile development team will be highly valuedExceptional communication skills
Working as a senior developer in a larger team members and stakeholders across the business - you'll be working with Developers, Designers, UI specialists, Product Owners, QA/Testers etc.

What's on Offer?

Work alongside passionate, innovative, talented teamIn-house development programs and professional trainingStudy leave and assistanceCasual dressOnsitre parking Work life Balance/ flexible work arrangements 
To find out more, apply NOW or call Kyla on 99295248 Month Contract Opportunity
Chatswood Office
NV1 Secuirty Clearance Mandatory

Our client, a large financial intelligence agency, is Seeking a Senior JavaScript Engineer (React, Redux, Jest, Bootstrap) for a 8 month contract located in Chatswood, NSW.

Working as part of an agile team, the primary duties of the Senior JavaScript Engineer (React, Redux, Jest, Bootstrap) will be to help build the beta version of the clients latest digital client enrolment and registration experience using
 open source tools and frameworks such as React, Redux, Jest and Bootstrap.

To be considered for this Senior JavaScript Engineer (React, Redux, Jest, Bootstrap) contract opportunity you must have:



An NV1 Security Clearance or the ability to obtain an NV1 prior to contract starting;
A degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or IT equivalent quali?cation;

Excellent front-end JavaScript including strong commercial experience with React and Redux;

Strong web platform skills including HTML 5, CSS and SASS; 
Experience implementing unit and integration tests • An understanding of modern JavaScript design patterns;

To apply for this Senior JavaScript Engineer (React, Redux, Jest, Bootstrap) contract opportunity please forward your resume to Ben Cousins at The Recruitment Hive by clicking the
Apply for this Job button, or email your resume to Info at RecruitmentHive.com.au citing Job ID: 1798.  Alternatively you may call Ben on (02) 6232 9994 (if you have an NV1 Security Clearance).

 

        
        
          Ben Cousins
Info@recruitmenthive.com.auMid-level PHP developer | CBD | $70-90K+ Super
      
      
        Highly agile and fast paced development envionment 
        
        Using some of the latest technologies and frameworks 
        
        Great employee benefits for long-term permanent staff members 
        
      
      
The Company 
We are looking for a Mid-level PHP developer for one of our leading clients who are based in the inner city suburbs of Melbourne, not more than 5 minutes from the City centre.
They have really matured as a business in recent years and are a really exciting, collaborative environment perfect for developers who want to make a mark and discuss great ideas with similarly talented people.
They are a highly agile development team, and in order to join them, you will come primarily the from the PHP technology stack but you will have the opportunity to work in a truly full stack capacity, learning other fundamental development techniques.

The Role 
Reporting to the Software Development manager, you will be a strong PHP developer with a great attitude and desire.
You will be someone who wants to work in a culture of providing simple solutions with clean, scalable and testable code:
You will have:

Experience across the SDLC, and a solid understanding of PHP (circa 3 years commercial)Experience with REST APIs preferable and strong back-end skills are desirableExposure to JavaScript languages is not essential but preferableA great attitude and willingness to wear 'different hats' within the organisationValid Australian working rights - permanent residency minimum requirement
Apply Now
If you are interested in this opportunity or you know someone who might be, please do not hesitate to apply or get in contact ASAP.
There is a strict interview process now in place and interviews will be happening with the client under a strict timeline, meaning responses and feedback will be prompt.
For more information please apply today or contact Luke Edmunds on 9691 3661 or luke.edmunds@roberthalf.com.au



      
       Interested in advice on everything career, recruitment and work-life
        balance related? Check out our blog: www.roberthalf.com.au/blog 
      
        . 
        Apply through email by clicking the 
        'Apply Now' button below.Lead Web Developer (SilverStripe)
      
      
A leading digital agency, is looking for a Lead Developer with strong CMS experience to join a small but highly passionate team. Your goal will be to work alongside the designers in order to build and deliver high end digital projects for market leading
 companies in their industries. You will be required to work on multiple projects on a daily basis so we are looking for somebody that feels comfortable working in a fast-paced environment, has high attention to detail & consistent high standards of work, and
 the flexibility to move between different projects. 
Our client is offering:

Attractive salary package Opportunity to make a real difference, and bring your own ideas to the table Career progression opportunity Supportive and collaborative environment with a fun & casual atmosphere Free parking
The role will involve:

Leading the deployment and maintenance of new websites and web tools (primarily PHP/SilverStripe)
Installation and maintenance of client servers and websites Development of online JavaScript tools and translation of complex Excel formulas into JavaScript functions
Writing of technical documents (quotes, functional specs, briefs, testing and deployment checklists etc)
Provision of technical advice and strategic ideas to account managers Mentoring of junior developers
Technical skills and experience

Minimum 5 years of software development experience and 3 years as a Senior or Lead Developer
Extensive experience with PHP  Extensive CMS experience preferably with Silverstripe (or Adobe AEM or any other CMS)
Willingness to learn Silverstripe since this the mail tool Database architecture experience (primarily MySQL) Experience with JavaScript for website and application development (validation, animation, Ajax)
Linux server administration, preferably Ubuntu Version control (Git and Subversion) Web development best-practices (accessibility, cross-device and cross-browser)
Good to have bu not essential - AWS experience 

      
      Stathi Paleologos
03 9020 1993
spalos@siriustechnology.com.auWeb Developer
      
      

About the company
We are working with an exciting tech startup supplying innovative online integration & migration solutions as a true ‘market disruptor’. This software solutions provider works with cutting edge technologies on SaaS, cloud-based platforms and supplies market
 leading solutions into some of Australia’s most well-known brands across media, telecommunications & large corporates.
They are actively looking to expand their technical team to cater to large demand and would be looking for starters late August to early September.

About the role
The role of eCommerce Developer requires a passion and experienced IT professional with good working knowledge and professional experience working on end-to-end eCommerce solutions for SMB, mid-market & enterprise clients. The focus of the role is to manage
 the process from the client side and their legacy systems to migrate & integrate into cloud-based platforms.
This role does require the consultant to be an Australia Citizen / Permanent Resident with full working rights. This is mandatory.

Duties

Design and develop as a Web Developer, specialising in eCommerce solutionsExpertise with HTML, CSS, .Net, PHP, Javascript, BootscrapExperience with CMS i.e. WordpressGood exposure to graphic design - Visual Studio, Adobe etc.Strong professional experience developing end-to-end eCommerce solutions (Bigcommerce, Shopify etc) for online shops / ecommerce websitesCollaborate with a close-knit team of technical professionals to streamline a consistent solutionAbility to communicate and manage stakeholder expectations

Skills & Experience

Five (5) years minimum web development experienceWorked in multiple development projects and environmentsAbility own a project - from requirements, to design & develop websites and integrate eCommerce solutionsComfortable with agile methodologies and worked end-to-end in agile-based projectsTertiary education in IT Engineering or equivalent is essential

Culture
This organisation has a wealth of technical and market experience and has great management as well as amazing, collaborative offices in the Sydney CBD. The office is a fun and dynamic environment with a passion for new technologies and driven to become a
 dominant market leader.
If you are looking to get out of a boring, corporate environment and associate yourself with the benefits of a technical startup, then this is opportunity for you - apply now!Software Engineer
        
        
We are currently on behalf of a client based in Adelaide that are searching for an experienced Software Engineer to develop example implementations and novel solutions that enhance a Department of Defence test bed.

The successful applicant will be working as part of a team, but taking individual responsibility for selected prototype elements. The ability to balance multiple tasks, provide specialised skills and develop/document quality outcomes is a key selector for
 being engaged in this work. 

The client is keen to find candidates with:

Technical Skills:


Java / JavaScriptLinux + WindowsWeb service + web application design/developmentCOTS / FOSS integration skillsAgile development experience (including experience of GIT / source code control/configuration)System level design experienceGeospatial application development (preferably using FOSS)

Personal Attributes:


Self-motivation with the ability to use personal initiative and take responsibility for assigned outcomesCollaborative but able to work independently under limited supervision/directionMulti-tasking - able to handle and coordinate multiple simultaneous activitiesSystematic - able to apply a degree of rigour and discipline to activities to ensure record of decisionsGood and clear communication skillsCan think “outside-the-box” as a creative / lateral thinker & contributor

The client has specified that candidates must hold a minimum of an NV1 security clearance and tertiary qualifications in an engineering or related discipline



Kinexus, formally Kinetic Recruitment, are the No. 1 defence recognised supplier with a specialisation in the recruitment of mid to senior level professionals who hold Defence or Federal government clearances across the spectrum of technology platforms.
 Kinexus are recognised as a top 15 Defence SME in Australia and support various major defence projects.


To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below and attach your resume as a word document. Alternatively, please contact Phil Loyden on 02 9492 7505 quoting the Job Title for this position.
Visit www.kinexus.com.au to view more jobs.

        
        
        
        www.kinexus.com.auJavaScript Developer
      
      Looking for an experienced Front End Developer for a Brisbane-based start-up to help build the next version of their front facing application using the latest technologies and tools. They are not looking for sensitive people - if you love coding then you
 will enjoy this role. There is lots of opportunity for growth within this company, they are scaling aggressively and need motivated people who are going to take ownership of their work! 

Requirements:

4 + Years in a front-end development role Extensive knowledge of web markup, including HTML5, 
CSS3 Strong Commercial experience with JavaScript and VueJs
Familiarity with frontend build tools such as Grunt Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git. Ability to develop large scale applications and reusable code 
Non-Essential Requirements:

Good understanding of UI, UX principles Working knowledge of backend development using GO Diploma/Bachelor in relevant field 
This is an incredible opportunity within a company with plans to go global. This amazing position won't be around for long. So apply now or call Matthew Rainbird on 0474710279 to enquire further.3 month contract that normally extends
      
      Strong HTML/CSS
      
      Javascript
      
    
    As a Web Developer, you will join the production team of designers and developers looking after and enhancing the capability of websites. A brand famous for its pixel perfect precision, an eye for detail and a passion for the craft of screen design are
 essential for this role. This role is perfect for a developer who is looking to practice and improve their web development skills. In addition to web development you will learn how a production team works on a client to maximise efficiency, quality and workloads.

Together with the Lead Developer, digital producers, and development team, you will work on delivering banners and rich media placements in HTML5 formal.  The role will also include working with third party media servers like Sizmek and DoubleClick.

Responsibilities:

Create HTML/CSS banners from supplied designs Add user interactions & enhancements with JQuery Cross browser compliant code Work with visual designers, interaction designers to build interactive solutions in Flash & HTML5
Integration of 3rd party API's 
Skills

Strong knowledge of HTML5 / CSS3 Experience with dynamic banners Experience with rich media placements Experience with 3rd party API's Experience with CMS Systems 
Apply now! or call Pete for a chat 02 8396 6800




    
    Pete
02 8396 6800.Net Developer
      
      
DXC Eclipse
Eclipse, a DXC Technology Company is a leading global Microsoft Gold Partner delivering Microsoft Dynamics 365, ERP, CRM, business process, analytics, and collaboration solutions on premise and in the cloud.
 
With a single, global team of Microsoft consultants, DXC Eclipse has helped over 1,700 customers achieve successful digital transformation projects using the full suite of Microsoft technologies and applications.

 
We offer specialist industry solutions built on the Microsoft platform for retail, manufacturing, banking, healthcare, and mining for customers in the mid-market through to enterprise.
 
About the role
We are currently looking for a Developer to join our Enterprise Solutions and Services team based in Hobart. Working in a team of dynamic and creative professionals, you will be supported in delivering development services for project based and ad hoc work.
 You will play a key role working on high profile client projects where you will have the opportunity to work with various products and technologies.
 
You will be working with leading edge products and technologies such as:

C#, .NET & ASP.NET MVC SharePoint Office 365 ERP/CRM Azure Cloud Platform Business Intelligence Tools (e.g. SSIS, SSRS and SSAS) Mobile Apps and Responsive Websites 
 
About you
To be successful in this role you will hold an IT degree with 3 years of relevant development work experience. We are looking for candidates who value high quality results, and are skilled in Microsoft Technologies, .NET Framework, Microsoft SQL Server,
 and Web Development (HTML/CSS/JavaScript). Certifications will be highly regarded.

 
You will also have very strong communication (both oral and written) skills and be able to build effective working relationships with internal and external stakeholders. You are passionate about continual development and enjoy learning new technologies.
 You are self-motivated and are able to work independently. Above all you have a strong customer service focus and are committed to providing customers with the best possible solution.


This is a great opportunity to join a growing market leader, and experience real career growth by expanding your skills in numerous software project disciplines, products and technologies.

 
DXC Eclipse Culture
DXC Eclipse is dedicated to ‘putting its people first’. We offer competitive remuneration; benefits, training and career opportunities and a culture that demonstrates our employees are our first priority.
 
DXC Eclipse values diversity and is an EEO Employer.UI Designer/Front-End Developer
    
    

 
UI / Front-End Developer
 
 
We are seeking an energetic and passionate Front-End/UI Developer to join the Digital team on an initial six month contract to start immediately.
 
You will be working in a great team, in a collaborative environment and will be primarily responsible for the front-end development of our digital solutions. A user-centric approach and understanding of design thinking is essential. You be will a key contributor
 to delivering quality digital solutions and implementing designs in a sleek, scalable manner.
 
Key skills and knowledge required for this role:

Proficient in HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript Experience with web development frameworks including Bootstrap, JQuery Demonstrated experience in responsive UI development Experience in creating user interface design for digital platforms Experience with UX principles, prototyping, requirements gathering and usability testing
Good understanding of user centered design and its practical applications Understanding of web accessibility, usability standards (particularly WCAG) and industry best practices
Attention to detail and a strong focus on customer support and communication Ability to work dynamically in an agile development team 
 
Desirable:

Degree in graphic or interactive design / development Experience working with Photoshop or other visual design tools. Experience in Laravel framework Working knowledge of a CMS (Drupal ideal) GIT version control 
 


    
    02 9262 3330Senior Front End Developer | HTML | JavaScript | ReactJS
      
       
Senior Front End Developer

 | HTML | JavaScript | ReactJS |


If you have a true passion for FED I want to hear from you. 

We're looking for a talented and ambitious Front-End Developer to join a creative team. The ideal candidate will have an interest and strong knowledge of JS Frameworks, efficient processes and developing the underlying core of projects. Enjoy the thrill of
 working in a fast paced environment & keeping up to date with emerging technologies.

You will be working on new and existing projects. Your responsibilities will include developing tools in ReactJS; building the application logic and creating a UI that comes to life for users.

You'll have: 

High-quality code Know best practices on file structure and build processes Efficient use of modules and packages Strong communication (e.g. if the task is bigger than the time allocated, I'd want to know as soon as the developer feels that's the case) 
Good use of source control (i.e. more than one commit) 

Technical requirements:

HTML CSS JavaScript, Typescript Foundation framework REST API ReactJS & Redux Git or Bitbucket Should be able to apply the required design formatting on the web pages Knowledgeable in front-end optimisation techniques Nice to have: Web optimisation techniques 
Skills & Traits:

Communicative & confident - You will need to be a strong leader, able to communicate clearly and compelling at all levels of the company.
Organised & focused - Very strong attention to detail & excellent organisational skills.
Fast learner - Able to quickly pick up new concepts and ideas and run at pace with them independently.
Ambitious & reflective - Want to learn and grow. Pays attention to details and think about the implications of what the work being undertaken.
Tech savvy - Enthusiastic about technology, a passion for innovation and new ideas.


What is in it for you?

Exciting Projects Fantastic work life balance Central Location Intimate Team 
If this sounds like what you have been searching for then HIT APPLY. We are hiring immediately and would love to have a chat.


If this isn't exactly what you have been looking for, give me a call, no doubt I'll have the perfect job for you. Call Matt Rainbird now on 0474710279!